1 hr away by bus from Tel Aviv and the beach.
100m from Revava center, supermarket, pizza, ATM, ect.
15 minutes drive from Jerusalem.
15 minutes from Jerusalem, off the main road descending to the Dead Sea, the suite is spacious and stylish.
1575 NIS per week, 6750 NIS per month.
2 baths.
2 bedroom apartment with all amenaties, in the heart of a quiet and elegant community.
2 big bedrooms with double bed each.
2 floors and 160 sq.m.
2 lits jumeaux et un lit enfant lit supplémentaire si besoin.
2 placards de rangement Un enfant jusqu a 3 ans peut aussi dormir si besoin salle de bain spacieuse .
2 rooms, newly renovated.
20 min from Jerusalem.
20 min, 45 min from Tel Aviv, 1 hour from the Dead Sea.
20 minutes ride to dead sea by car.
215 bus from Jerusalem.
25 min drive to Jerusalem and close to all attractions of gush etzion.
3 bedrooms on 2 levels (floors).
3 rooms + balcony, a grape arbor, an orchard and a sitting area overlooking the spectacular Judea desert landscape.
3 rooms big apartment (96m sqr) with 1 bedroom with large bed + toilets, big bathroom with bath, equiped with washing machine + a dryer, another working room and a real huge space of living room and equiped kitchen (50m sqr).
30 min by car to the Beach and 40 min to Tel Aviv.
35 min from the big city Tel-Aviv, 10 min from Rosh-Ha'Ayin train station and right ahead of the most beautiful view in the country, at the local council of Oranit.
4 adult beds available, kosher kitchen, storage closet, big beautiful backyard with trampoline, lots of toys.
4 air conditioners.
4 large badrooms, 3 toilets and a bath.
40 Minute drive to Jerusalem.
40 minute drive to Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
5 min drive from the best attractions, the Qumran caves, dead-sea kalia beach, Jericho and Qasr el yahud.
5 minutes drive from the water-filled Ein Prat reserve and ten minutes drive from the Wadi Kelt monasteries.
A 2 bedroom apartment with a kitchen and balcony and privet garden.
A 20-minute drive from Jerusalem.
A 5-minute drive from Eli is the biblical Tel Shilo, a powerful archeological site.
A beautiful Villa, located perfectly between Jerusalem and the Dead Sea.
A beautiful and intimate country house, looking over the Dead Sea and in walking distance from it (in the winter).
A beautiful community, friendly, stunning panoramic views, fresh air and quiet.
A bike rental, glass blowing activity, pottery workshop, water streams and horseback riding.
A bus station is 2 min walk - transportation to Jerusalem is about every single hour.
A car is very helpful in the area.
A full floor on top of our home.
A great touring base, only 20 mins from Tel Aviv beaches, 45 mins from Jerusalem, 1 hour from the Dead Sea.
A lot of free parking in the streets beside the apartment.
A nice studio, hotel like, in Maale Adumim Mitzpe Nevo (religious neighborhood).
A number of groceries are available.
A path where history and future meet.
A pleasant country house, fifteen minutes from Jerusalem, half an hour from the Dead Sea and Ein Gedi.
A private house consists of 2 floors, 240 sq.
A real big balcony (15m sqr) with big table for breakfast, lucnh and dinner ahead the most beautiful view of green mountains, fields and olive trees.
A romantic getaway excursion waits for you in the Holy Land, 15 minutes to Jerusalem, 15 minutes to the Dead Sea.
A room in a spacious modern flat in the center of Ariel.
A separate floor of 2 bedrooms, private bathroom and a huge balcony facing the Dead Sea.
A shared bathroom with a tub and shower.
A sweet and cozy brand new suite with a beautiful view of the dead sea.
ATVrides, field trips, desert hospitality, camel, donkey, and horseback riding are also available.
Access to the upper level is through 2 sets of stairs, through our home.
Accommodations include options for single travelers, couples, families and large groups.
Across the street from the bus to Jerusalem.
Ali is a quality and well-kept settlement located in the Binyamin region, mostly religious.
All guest unit facilities are accessible .
All linens (sheets, pillow cases, towels) are super clean and really comfy.
All of our space is available for you.
Also, you can use the bathroom with shower, living room, balcony, dining table and kitchen (the kitchen can only be used with my supervision because my home is kosher.
Although rustic, it's comfortable.
Am Schabbat ruhen dir öffentlichen Verkehrsmittel.
And at the other side a private garden with wood deck, a lemon tree, place to have a barbecue and chillout (15m sqr).
And it has all you need for your stay.
Appointments can be made for personal guided tours with the host who is a licensed tour guide.
Around there is many springs, Hiking, Extreme Park, and boutique restaurants.
Arrival by private / rented car or Taxi.
As an ecological campsite, we offer eco-friendly restrooms and showers.
As religious Jews, we will not be available at all on Fridays (from around sunset), until Saturday (until an hour after sunset).
As we live upstairs above the apartment we are always available to help you.
As you know living in the desert is beautiful and quiet but note that it can make dust, and we like opening the windows...
At -345 meters under sea level that is the lowest Airbnb home in the universe!!!
At Ruth's Home, we host couples for overnight stays, intimate boutique events, unique workshops.
At the cabins there is plenty of parking space for your cars.
At the kitchen: oven, microwave oven and a lot of kitchenware.
Basically quiet neighborhood.
Bat Ayin is an othentic and relaxing vilage blessed with natural springs (walking distance) and amazing view!
Bathroom has brand new Rain head.
Be happy ...
Beautiful Ocean view from Main Living room.
Beautiful apartment, located 15 minutes from Jerusalem city and 15 minutes from the amazing Dead Sea.
Beautiful newly renovated basement apartment.
Beautiful view, very quiet area near Jerusalem, Samaria, Binyamin and Jordan Vally communities.
Beautiful, quiet town in the hills.
Beit Driben is a beautifully decorated highly versatile 5 story complex with many apartments, rooms, halls & both public & private sitting areas.
Beit Driben started as a factory and farm in the (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) s by Eddie Dribben (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) may he rest in peace.
Best to bring your own car though travel on Egged bus from Jerusalem.
Book a mattress in our original nomads' tent dormitory.
Both cabins are fully equipped with all the kitchen appliances for a religious family.
Brand new, clean and comfortable suite in Modiin Illit ("Kiryat Sefer") with a small kitchen area (counter, sink, cabinets, fridge - no stove or oven) and a seating area.
Breakfast can be ordered at an additional cost.
Built with love and furnished with unique handmade wood art, Ruth's Home offers a space of inspiration and relaxation.
Bus 216 von Jerusalem (Binjanei Ha Umma) bis direkt nach Mitzpe Jericho.
Bus No. 187 from Platform 2 in the Central Bus Station in Jerusalem to Har Adar.
Bus every 15 to 20 min.
Bus stop 50 meter from apt.
Bus stop a minute walk away.
Bus stop right up stairs.
Buses from Jerusalem to Tekoa several times a day.
Cable TV and free Wi-Fi.
Can help with meal arrangements too.
Can tell you much about this interesting country, at a very interesting stage of its development.
Centrally located in Alon Shvut, Gush Etzion, close to buses, shopping center, parks, Har Etzion Yeshiva, shuls, great views, and restaurants and dining.
Chaia parle aussi le français.
Check-in on Saturdays is from 2 hours after the Sabbath ends (about 2.5 hours after sundown).
Close to Jerusalem, Right next to the famous Yeshivat Har Etzion.
Close to all the tourist places of Biblical Hevron and the Cave of Patriarchs.
Close to the Young Israel of Neve Aliza.
Close to the apartment there are three parks and parking.
Come and be among the first to enjoy a brand new apartment in the pastoral hill station of Har Adar.
Come and experience the Dead sea and Judean desert in this amazing 2 room 1 Bathroom brand new apartment.
Come stay at the lowest Villa on earth!
Comfortable family den, wood ceiling, well heated in the winter and airconditioned in the summer, wifi, TV, DVD, movies, delicious home made breakfast, Coffee/tea corner with refreshments, snacks, fruit basket.
Community is located in Stunning mountain views and air land of Israel.
Community with spirit.
Complimentary cleaner for one hour, once per every week booked.
Contains Kitchen, separate bedroom, Jacuzzi.
Covered back porch with table and chairs.
De belles montagnes se profilent a l horizon.
Desert Camping Israel is a family run ecological campsite located in the heart of the Judean Wilderness.
Desert View offers a private balcony with mountain (Website hidden by Airbnb) features air conditioning, free parking and free WiFi.
Detailed below is the primary information regarding the site and the variety of services and facilities it offers.
Dolev is located near the city Moddin, which is a half an hour from Jerusalem and Tel-Aviv.
Double bed in bedroom, and onther double bed in living room.
Double roofed parking.
Downstairs is the kitchen and living room with the bathroom and jacuzzi.
Downstairs there is the dedicated guest room, the shower and the toilet, what our family and the guests use.
During the week the host comes late at night home, but Fridays he's available.
Easily accessible by bus u. Tramp, on the way Jerusalem-Dead Sea.
Eddie was a cowboy who came to Israel from Wyoming after serving in the US Military and lived in Israel ever since.
Efrat B&B is across the street from the bus to and from Jerusalem, and a block away from the local synagogues.
Enjoy the quiet, the panoramic views & fresh air 1000 meters above sea level.
Equipped kitchen including refrigerator, oven, microwave, and electric stove.
Every hosting is organized according to the character of the guests.
Everyone is welcome, including four-legged guests.
Experience the Judean Desert first-hand.
Experience the tranquility of the desert and get a taste of warm Israeli hospitality.
Experienced, welcoming owners.
Fantastic location two minute walk from Glenwood, the largest shul in the area and less than 4 minutes to the trampiada!
Features a full bathroom, equipped kitchen, bedroom with two beds and an open-up couch in the living room and washing machine.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Fence separates our garden with yours.
Five minutes drive to local attractions, restaurants, historical and biblical sites, mall shopping, hikes Great location for walking and cycling.
Five minutes walk to local grocery store and bakery.
For a little extra you can get meals and work with us and create in our studio.
For getting to us you can drive your car or come with an Egged bus to Ovnat- number: (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) from Jerusalem.
Free coffee and tea, and if we have some cookies we would love to share them with you.
Free parking.
Free unlimited Sim card and unlimited Internet usage with a Local Number for anyone booking a week or more.
Free unlimited parking on the street right in front of the apartment.
Fresh linens and towels are provided, sleeps up to 5.
Friendly Modern Orthodox, Zionist community.
Front yard with chairs and grass.
Fully equipped - linen, towels, pillows, blankets, heaters etc provided.
Fully equipped kitchen.
Fully furnished.
Getting around is made easy by car or by public transportation since the village is close to a main road (90).
Great access to Rosh HaAyin, Petach Tikva, Hod HaSharon, Ra'anana, Herziliya, Ariel.
Great public transportation to Jerusalem and close to Modiin and the train station in Modiin.
Great views, restaurants and dining, parks, art and culture, natural springs, forest, mauntain and near the desert..
Grocery 100 meters from the apt.
Ground floor and 30 seconds walk to local synagogue.
Guest bedroom in new house, right in the center of Israel.
Guest can access the whole yard and enjoy from a wonderful orchad that includes olive, lemon, pomegranate trees, passiflora, grapes and more...
Guests get breakfast - optional.
Guests have acess to a full floor and to our kitchen and the garden.
Half an hour drive from Jerusalem, Matzada, Qumran, and close to many natural sweet water sources.
Har Adar is a community located in North Judean mountains.
Har Adar is carried to an altitude of 880 metres above sea level and can be view on the cities near the Mediterranean.
Har Adar located in a perfect location to explore Israel, just 5 min drive to Tel Aviv-Jerusalem highway.
Har Adar.
Har adar is located 20 minutes from the center of Jerusalem, a sixty minute drive from Tel aviv, 30 minutes from the airport.
Has won some international prizes.
Hi speed wireless internet provided.
Hiking and bicycle trails can easily be found around the area of NachalPrat.
His widow Sara Haya continues to live there.
Homey, warm and clean 3 room Bed and Breakfast with all the amenities, TV, VCR, DVD, movies, music, coffee/tea/snacks/fruit basket corner, fridge, etc.
House has WiFi.
Huge balcony with seating area and great view to the Dead Sea.
Huge roof terrace overlooking the Dead Sea to the East and the magnificent Judean desert peaks to the West.
Huge yard.
I also speak German.
I am a film maker and working from home, so am there most of the time and always ready to help.
I am a film maker and working from home, so am there most of the time to help.
I am a gourmet caterer.
I am almost always available, best to email or send sms.
I am always happy to help with anything you may need.
I am happy to speak and hear from the quests and also to share advice, while the guests are here.
I am offering a detached cottage in our beautiful garden located in a gated community in the Biblical Judean Hills, a mere 20 minute drive from Jerusalem.
I do not have a separate apartment for my guests!
I do not work, so I am totally available for my guests.
I have a large house.
I joke that the accommodations are "5-star" ... minus 5-stars :-).
I live in a Jewish religious site, with several synagogues, Mikve, Yeshiva, super mini-market, a beautiful view, quiet and clean air to breathe.
I live in a gated community so you may have to show some sort of ID when you arrive, and the guard might want to call to make sure.
I offer a unique personal touch, such as organic cotton sheets, option of vegan or vegetarian breakfast.
I offer peace u. Beauty of nature in the Judean Desert, overlooking the sunset over their mountains to Jerusalem.
I will be happy to help and guide you during your stay!
I will take some better photos when I have a chance, but I hope these give you an idea.
I work in Jerusalem at the Hi-Tec industry, sing at a choir, crafting jewellers and sculptures and working at the garden.
I would be happy to help you during your stay.
I'm very happy if guests honour and do not missuse my pure will to assist everyone.
Ideal for families- quiet, safe (children can play outside unwatched).
Ideal for single or couple guests that have business in Samaria area or travellers that looking for special and quite place.
If there are 6 guests or less, the small bedroom will be left closed.
If there is anything we can do to make your stay enjoyable, please ask.
If you are adventurous and are looking for a different experience on the Dead Sea, away from the tourist stops ask us about the secret hike -)
If you are looking for a different experience on the Dead Sea away from the tourist stops we highly recommend it!
If you are on your way to the house or in it, please call me to recive a quicker answer.
If you are uncomfortable please feel free to look at alternat locals.
If you're interested, you can sign up for Jeep tours, rappelling, dune buggy drives through the desert, Good Samaritan Mosaic Museum, camel rides, Kumran Caves, swimming in natural springs, and the traditional Baptismal Site of Jesus.
If you're looking for a calm and quiet vacation, we'll be happy to have you.
If your a walker, runner plenty of open spaces available.
In Aish Kodesh there is a petting farm, a bikepath of antique water holes surrounding the area and the breathtaking view.
In a lush garden among fruit trees and flowers.
In ovnat small and peacfull village.
In the Kibbuts we have a small market shop and a local Pub.
In the community of NofeiPratthere is a synagogue, a mikva, secretariat, postal service, parks, and children’s activities.
In the heart of a new and vibrant neighborhood in Ovnat, we invite you to experience a combination of desert, quiet, welcoming people and a comfortable and pleasant stay.
In the heart of the Judean Desert, opposite the special Dead Sea, a charming and well equipped studio.
In the house you will find a huge rooms, comfertable bathrooms and kitchen full equipped.
In the village there are religious residents but it is permitted to enter and leave on Saturday.
Include Kosher kitchen, oven and stove top.
Includes Jacuzzi, two showers, espresso machine, ample kitchen (kosher), sitting room, a quiet porch for the view, free wi-fi, cable TV and a romantic bedroom.
Inside, is an alcove with a queen-size bed, adjacent to a Jacuzzi for two and a large washroom with a luxuriousshower.
Israeli citizens must pay VAT (additional 17%), other guests must send a picture of there passport.
It comes fully furnished with everything you’ll need for a comfortable and worry-free stay - 2 double beds,1 double sofa bed, clean and comfy linens and towels provided, shower cabin and washing machine.
It has a great location, very close to Kibbutz Maale Hachamisha and Kibbutz Kiryat Anavim, near a resort of great restaurants and cafe).
It has a modern décor, a satellite flat-screen TV .
It has a private entrance and is situated in a very quiet, private location, not facing the street.
It holds 5 mattresses.
It is a 5 minute drive from the dead sea shore and 15 minutes from beautiful streams and fascinating trails of Nachal David, Nachal Arugot, Ein Feshkha and Ein Gedi.
It is a great spot for any guest travelling from Jerusalem to the North, South or the Dead Sea.
It is a place directly in the nature and is meant to host travelers who wants to have a direct touch with the nature.
It is beautiful and you will be alone floating in paradise complete with mud bath!
It is composed of a separate bedroom, a living room with fully equipped kitchenette.
It is connected to the main house where my family lives.
It is few minutes walk from a supermarket [open 7-22].
It is good for individuals and for families with this spirit.
It is important to note that our lifestyle is Permaculture principles held by.
It is in the first floor of our house.
It is located in a large religious Jewish community, close to shull.
It is located in the middle between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem (5 minutes from highway 1, 20 minutes from TLV international airport).
It is located on the tallest mountain between Jerusalem and the sea, in one of the most beautiful areas of Israel.
It is recommended to do walks and enjoy the mountain fresh air and see the amazing view.
It is the perfect base for exciting and educational outings in the area, including the first- century Essene village of Qumran and the Herodian fortress on the heights of masada.
It's a bedroom within a house, so you have access to the lounge, kitchen, guest bathroom, garden, etc.
It's a new unit in a quiet village looking to the hills of Judea, the place is in a countryside atmosphere.
It's far away from big cities, so it's very quiet, but it's only 20 min drive to Jerusalem, 25 minutes drive to Tel-Aviv and the sea, 5 minutes to Modiin, 7 minutes to the train station.
Its expressed mainly in the weekend (Friday Saturday).
Its location, between the Dead Sea and Jerusalem, allows access for many touristic sites and nature reserves.
Join a glassworkshop in professional artist's studio suitable for eveyone; individuals, couples, family groups, colleagues from your workplace.
July 19th-Aug 20.
Just bring your bags and it's ready for you !
Kfar Adumim is a small village on top of a mountain overlooking Jerusalem and the Dead sea.
Kitchen including fridge, Shabbat kettle, chalavi (milky) plates, pots, appliances etc Clothes washing machine and dryer.
Kitchen with all the facilities, cooking stove, microwave, refrigerator, coffee, tea.
Large yard with view, grass and trees.
Less than an hour from Masada, Ein Gedi, the Jordan River, Qumran and much more.
Little house in beautiful Bat Ayin suitable for a couple for a relaxing vacation on weekends.
Local produce used, including self grown fruit and herbs in season.
Located at Revava, very nice and peaceful village in the Samaria woods.
Located between Jerusalem and the Dead Sea.
Located in Kfar Adumim, Jerusalem is 21 km from the Apartment Desert Views.
Located in a small, quiet suburban neighborhood of Jerusalem, on a hill overlooking the coast of Israel.
Located in the Zayit neighborhood on Haktoret Street.
Located near Road 6 for great access to the north and south of the country.
Located on the edge of the desert, with a breathtaking panoramic view, is our suite.
Looking for shomer shabbat and kashrut guests only.
Looking forward!
Lot of fun.
Luxurious house fully equipt for shabbat (takeaway shabbat food 5 minute drive away), stunning view with fresh air sorounded with fruit trees and nature.
Luxury home.heated pool&WATSU treatments.spectacular desert view.
Make a left turn and continue to our house #423, the last house on the right.
Make sure you make plans in advance so that I can help you with bus schedules.
Make usefull and elegant objects.
Man kann an der großen Hauptstraße arabische Taxis stoppen. .
Matityahu is a 40 minute bus ride to Jerusalem.
Maximum 10 people, including infants.
Meals can be ordered at an additional cost.
Mesada and Jerusalem.
Minute walk from the grocery store, synagogue, etc.
Modiin Illit is a religious Jewish city in the center of Israel, 30 minutes from Jerusalem, Bnei Brak, and Tel Aviv.
Moshav Matityahu is an american and religious Shomer Shaboss and Tzniut place and community.
My office is upstairs too.
My place is a quiet 4-bedroom house overlooking the Judean Desert and the Jordan Hills.
My place is close to art and culture, Winery, Ancient Shilo, Samaria, Jorden vally.
My place is close to art and culture, great views, and family-friendly activities.
My place is close to great views.
My place is close to public transport.
My place is close to the airport.
My place is good for couples and families (with kids).
My place is good for couples and solo adventurers.
My place is good for couples, families (with kids), and furry friends (pets).
My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, families (with kids), big groups, and furry friends (pets).
My place is good for couples.
My place is good for families (with kids).
My studio for dance and movement becomes the perfect place for your vacation!
NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the property, we do not allow pets.
Near ancient Shilo, site of the Tabernacle with a visitors center and tours.
Nearby local grocery store open from 6:30 a.m.
Nearby there is a horses farm where one can ride on or see camels and other farm animals.
Neighborhood grocery store, green grocer, pizza.
New studio!
New, clean, house, great views and a garden.
Newly-built vacation apartment with a private courtyard and a stair-free entrance.
Nice homey place to stay half way between Jerusalem and Beer Sheva.
No cars are allowed to enter or drive around on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays.
No interaction required but on hand to be of assistance.
No private cars are allowed on Shabbat.
Nofey Prat is located within the Scenic desert landscapes of the Judean Desert.
Not sulfides, not yeast for fermentation, not wood for flavor.
Notre logement est situe a 30km de Jérusalem.
Of course it's present in the particular house design and the atmosphere.
Offering tranquility and relaxation and an escape from daily tumult, visitors come to take a deep breath and unwind.
On Saturday there is no driving, smoking or using phones in public.
On entering the gate of Ovnat, drive a few meters and then turn left.
One bedroom has a queen size bed and the second has 2 single beds and a few mattresses.
One big room with bad bathroom and kitchen.
One of the few wines you can find that adds NOTHING to the grape.
One private bathroom.
One room has 4 beds and another place is a tent that we cal wigwam, with a place for 5 people.
One room has double and single beds.
Only 20 minutes from Jerusalem and 40 minutes from Tel Aviv.
Only 31 families live here at about 341 meters *under* sea level, all are young and kind.
Only five minutes away from the near beach, and half an hour away from Ein Gedi and Mesada.
Open concept with lots of natural light and view points.
Other fun dining options include a delicious creperie, Pizza Moshe’spizza shop, Kfar Burger, and more.
Our amazing apartment is available for long or short term rent to the right person.
Our bus is built out of love and thinking about the environment.
Our bus, the 215 from Binyanei Hauma (across the road from the Central Bus Station), is only every hour or two so please ask for specific schedules.
Our cabins are located in a religious community.
Our entire garden is yours to roam, pick fruit (in season) at will.
Our family unit is 25 square meters, with two large comfortable beds, and a loft with 4 mattresses for the chidren to sleep.
Our home is in a religious* village in the Ayalon Valley, with view to the beautiful Canada park, suitable for hiking or biking.
Our house in the judean desert nearby the dead sea is great for families and couples who want to spend a nice and quite weekend or holiday.
Our house is God-given, and we are always open for new experiences with any kind of people, who respect our vision.
Our house is cozy.
Our house is large and comfortable, tastefully furnished and fits one family or more, children or adults.
Our house is located in Gush Etzion.
Our house is located in one of the most beautiful places in the world.
Our house is located on Mt. Gerizim in the heart of Samaria and is great for people who wants to live simple, and like to explore the region of Samaria.
Our inviting house is waiting for you..
Our kitchen equipped with Kosher dishes for dairy and meat.
Our neighborhood is a walking distance from the dead sea Beach.
Our nice designed home includes: private parking, a big kitchen and a nice open space in the living room.
Our place is close to family-friendly activities.
Our place is great because of it's location.
Our quiet, bright apartment is situated in the center of the country between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv (8 km north from Modiin).
Overlooking the view of the dead sea and The mountains of Moab.
Ovnat is a small and very calm and charming village located in the northern Dead Sea.
Ovnat is a small village by the dead sea.
Ovnat is a small village, it is a beautiful and a very quiet place.
Ovnat is a sweet little village, with warm people and beautiful primeval view.
Owners and their children live next to the vacation apartment.
Pack n Play available too.
Panoramic view of Gush Etzion, airy, bright, homey.
Parking is available next to our place.
Pastoral and beautiful private house in the mountains.
People from all backgrounds are welcome in our home.
People from all walks of life and backgrounds are welcome.
People who don't follow these laws usually park their vehicles outside the community and take a short stroll to their cars.
Perfect for Observant Jews, Located in a prestigious Orthodox Jewish community.
Perfect for a couple looking for a nice cozy place.
Perfect for a couple looking for peaceful time away or visiting for smachot, chagim in this clean, friendly Modern Orthodox community 15 minutes from Jerusalem.
Plasma 3D TV, working desk, AC, computer and free WIFI.
Pleasant bedroom with fun family.
Please dress appropriately when walking around the neighborhood.
Please note that we will be happy to help and give advice on any day of the week.
Please note the neighborhood is religious, meaning that people staying over over Saturday must behave in accordance (no loud music, etc.).
Plenty of closet space.
Plenty of tiyulim, dining, historical sites to enjoy in the area.
Plenty of toys available for children Close to the bus line (to Kfar Saba, Ranana.
Pool open during the summer.
Possibility for airport pick up as well.
Prices are flexible, big discounts for longer stays.
Privacy and amaizing view of the Judian desert and the Herodion.
Private front garden area.
Private taxi service is also available, but it is easiest to travel in this area with a private car.
Public Transportation options include buses every two hours, to Jerusalem, the Dead Sea, and the North.
Public transport is sparse from the town itself, better from the main junction which is a hitch away (common in the area).
Public transportation is 50 meters from home, the bus is every 20-30 minutes depending on times of the day.
Quiet and fully furnished room in private house with separate entrance, adjacent yard and individual (Website hidden by Airbnb) bus station to Jerusalim is 3 min by foot and only 10 miles to Jerusalem border and within 15 miles to The Dead Sea.
Quiet and relaxation.
Quiet location, only 15 minutes drive from Jerusalem, amazing view to the Judean Desert and the Dead Sea, private rooms,A place to enjoy the quiet.
Quiet relaxing well located 100 sqm (1000 sqf) apartment with lots of storage and all furniture including two reclining leather couches.
Quiet, lovely and relaxing place.
Recommended to rent your own car!
Relaxing atmosphere.
Renting a car is advised.
Residential and quite neighbourhood, surrounded trees, parks, a block away from the shopping center.
Residential lush neighbourhood, 3 minutes from the shopping center, parks, etc.
Restaurants, coffee shops and much more.
Room has comfortable bed with memory foam mattress, clothes hanging facilities, ceiling fan, two windows, mosquito nets.
Ruth's Home is situated in the "Galilee of Jerusalem", amidst vineyards, orchards and natural springs.
Satalite TV WITH HUNDREDSB OF CHANNELS.
Sauna and Jacuzzi are great after long busy day.
Separate entrance + private, sunny outdoor area.
Since the village is religious, our guests have to follow religious procedures during the holidays and Shabbat and dress modestly while walking around the village.
Situated on a spacious plot that gives privacy, peacefulness and relax.
So we tried to recycle and use what we already have.
Spacious cottage.
Staying in our apartment can give you an experience of inspiration, love and creativity.
Stunning pool (at extra cost) 1 minute walk from the suite - must be booked in advance for private swimming slot.
Suitable for families with children.
Summary Fifteen to twenty minutes by car to JERUSALEM!
Supermarket, large bakery within a five-minute stroll.
Swimming fee not included in rental of the suite.
Taxi company typically has cars available within 5-10 minutes of your phone call.
Tel Shilo with guided tours.
Ten minutes from the public beach and just half an hour from Masada and Jerusalem.
The Dead Sea can be reached in a 15-minute drive.
The Dead Sea is better in the car, but Masada has a bus.
The Desert Song apartments are located in a quiet town close to Jerusalem, with breathtaking desert views, possibilities for both walking and driving tours, surrounded by pleasant and helpful neighbors, with access to a synagogue, mikveh, local market, nearby restaurants and torah classes.
The House located in a quiet Village, children's frienldy.
The Kitchen is a Kosher Kitchen.
The Sudri family ברוכים הבאים לביתנו באבנת שבצפון ים המלח.
The Unit has a separate entrance, and has complete privacy.
The Western Wall, The old city, the Israel Museum and so much more.
The access to the apartment is by stairs.
The apartment has 3 bedrooms.
The apartment has a living room, dining area and full kitchen with a refrigerator, toster oven, cooktop and coffee/tea kettle.
The apartment has a private entrance.
The apartment in the most peaceful environment.
The apartment is air-conditioned and has a WIFI, TV and all the things needed for the kitchen including oven, fridge, microwave, coffee maker.
The apartment is completely private with a separate entrance, porch, and all amenties.
The apartment is fully renovated, about 50 square meter, a leaving room with kitchen and toilet in the first floor, and a second floor gallery with bathroom and toilet.
The apartment is ideal for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
The apartment is in the centre of Israel, a great place to explore the country.
The apartment is just 40 meter from bus station to Jerusalem that arrive every hour (in day time).
The apartment is located in a separate building that will give you a full privacy, all rooms are in front of the view.
The apartment is part of a 3 floors small building in a quiet and very friendly neighborhood.
The area is quiet and welcoming, enjoy full privacy and a beautiful view of the Judean desert and the Herodion.
The best way to get around here is a car.
The bungalow might be worth a dime, but the view (of the Judean Wilderness) is worth a million dollars.
The bus stops by the house and asks the driver to tell you when to get off.
The cabins are in walking distance to the grocery, synagogue, bus station and pool.
The cabins are located in a secluded area of the village close to the pool.
The city is surrounded on four sides by the Judean Desert and is linked to Jerusalem (20 minutes) and the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area (50 minutes) via Highway 1.
The closest store is about 7-minute drive, in Kalia.
The community is a Jewish religious (dati/frum) community.
The couple cabin has an upstairs loft with a bed and air conditioning.
The desert mountain view.
The family cabin, has a master bedroom with a bathroom, television and air conditioning.
The host is very friendly to guests as he likes very much people coming from different places.
The host likes very much to interact with his guests.
The host speaks Hebrew and Russian, and not too much English.
The house has a large public space, three bedrooms in the main house and another bedroom with a bathroom and a separate entrance.
The house has a small but fun pool, and a tennis table for use.
The house is 15 mins drive from Jerusalem and 15 mins drive to the dead sea.
The house is Kosher so is appropriate for Religious Jews or Vegans.
The house is a 5 minutes walk from the Shul and a 5 minute walk from a beautiful community pool with separate hours for men and women (Separate fee).
The house is a large (230 mr.) with 1000mr.
The house is in the town of Tekoa Amazing breeze.
The house is located in a beautiful and nice community and place!
The house is located in a small village, viewing the beautiful Judean Desert, the Dead Sea and Jerusalem.
The house is right for travelers, who look for a simple place, couples or individual travelers.
The kids have almost left home.
The kitchen is beautiful and equipped.
The large tent is comfortably set up for 20 single mattress, clean linen included, spread out on large mats and carpets.
The location is phenomenal!
The lower garden is shady secluded and pleasant to relax in, while at night as the sun sets the upper deck makes for a great view of the sunset over the plains to the west.
The moshav has a swimming pool that operates in the summer, a well-developed shopping center and entertainment venues as well as religious institutions and synagogues.
The neighborhood is nice and quiet.
The neighboring town of KfarAdumim offers a large swimming pool, grocery shop, and quality meat restaurants.
The other room has two beds that may be assembled.
The owner speaks English, Russian, French.
The perfect place for a quiet and relaxing time-off in Gush Etsion.
The place is good for groups up to 9 people, who love a simple style and love plants and art.
The place is simple.
The place is suitable for sleeping and staying for a joint stay and has creative kits to strengthen the connection between the guests.
The place is very pampering and invested to the smallest details.
The place near Jerusalem.
The pool is open separate in the summer for men and women.
The price at the weekend starts from Thursday - 700 NIS On holidays there is an extra price.
The price is for 6 people maximum, not including infants (up to two infants, both under 2 years old).
The privecy for a couple, larg deck, beautifull garden made of fruit trees and siting positions towards the view, pools and waterfalls .
The published price is for a couple.
The published price is for a pair.
The room has a Separate entrance, exit to the garden and is suitable for 1-2 people.
The room includes: kitchenette, shower and toilet, double bed, closet with sheets and towels, refrigerator, cable TV, electric kettle.
The settlement has a supermarket and restaurants and a swimming pool.
The simple, soft contours of the desert horizon are mirrored in the design of the suite and its grounds.
The super-quiet neighborhood.
The supermarket is located in Mevo Hashaked st.
The tent is great for being and eating together.
The unique location of the Desert landscapes opens up spectacular views of ancient views, the northern ridge of Jerusalem, the Prat River and the Dead Sea landscape, all of which creates a pleasant feeling of eternal freedom.
The unit has a separate entrance, and it's location creats for a family a distinct sense of privacy, with an outside sitting area overlooking the stunning vastness if the Dead Sea.
The unit is a two-room apartment just below our beautiful house, located on the ground floor.
The unit is located 30 minutes from Old City (Jerusalem) and 40 minutes from Ben Gurion Airport.
The view to the Dead Sea is close and relaxing and fills the soul.
The village of Kfar Adumim sits on a cliff overlooking the Wadi Kelt (Prat Canyon).
The whole apartment is available for the guests' use.
The whole flat basically.
There are a number of restaurants and wineries and studios in the area.
There are all the facilities for a religious family to enjoy holidays in Israel.
There are also tour guides in the village that you can rent their services.
There are good restaurants in Abu Gosh and in Kiryat Anavim which is 5 minutes by car.
There are many attractions here especially around the holidays.
There are places in the village where you can order food and other facilities like hairdressers and facial treatments.
There are public buses into and back from Jerusalem every couple/few hours.
There are regular busses to and from Jerusalem & Be'er Sheva.
There are several new homes, a few caravans and a high school.
There are two big bedrooms, a fully functional kitchen, cozy living room and dining area, library, study hall, patio, and one giant Shower!!!
There are two rooms.
There is a Shul and playards for kids.
There is a bathroom and a shower, small kichen available for cooking, with a small refrigerator with a carton of milk.
There is a big garden in the place, where the guests can use.
There is a big tent with facilities for cooking inside.
There is a bus every hour to Jerusalem.
There is a bus stop next to our door with buses practically going everywhere you need to go.
There is a bus stop to Jerusalem next to our house.
There is a dining area, a family living room with a comfortable sofa which opens to accommodatethree children, a television with an LCD screen and YES cable, free wi-fi, and an air conditioning unit.
There is a large yard outside with an outdoor eating space in a patio facing the dead sea.
There is a living room and a kitchen that the guests can use for being there and for preparing of food.
There is a private entrance for guests, and total privacy inside the apartment.
There is a room with a real bed, closet, table, and chair.
There is a valley close to our house with lots of animals and a beautiful place to walk.
There is also a bus stop (no. 187 - to the Jerusalem central bus station) steps away from the apartment.
There is also a horse ranch in Dolev and a bicycle rental in Talmon (village right next to Dolev).
There is also a kitchenette equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine, refrigerator, and a single electric burner.
There is also a television and air conditioning.
There is an option to get travel guide person for trails.
There is bus service and plenty of parking right outside the house.
There is no public transport on Saturday.
There is one dedicated room for guests and our attic is divided into 3 rooms, that can be arranged and used according to the choice of the guests.
There is plenty of closet space and a bathroom with a shower.
There is plenty of free parking in the area, and busses all day to Jerusalem, Bnei Brak, Beit Shemesh, and Modiin.
There is public transportation to Dolev.
They are pretty quite during nights, so no need to worry about your rest.
Third floor apartment with an spectacular view of the Shomron mountains, quiet location, opposite the apartment A bus stop to Kfar Sava, Tel Aviv and Jerusalem.
This apartment has its own back entrance.
This apartment is brand new and spotlessly clean.
This community is an Orthodox Jewish community.
This cozy apartment was designed with lots of love, to make you feel the warmth as if it is your own home.
This is a pampering B & B in Eli, in Binyamin.
This is a prime location, only 25 minutes from Jerusalem, 20 minutes From Hasada Hospital, and 40 minutes from Tel Aviv.
This is the desert highlands lots of trees dust and a unique climate.
This is the perfect house for a family with kids.
This is very safe (with 24/7 guard) settlement near Jerusalem, with very beautiful landscape and a lot of trails for sightseeing.
This place Giv'at Janoah is located in the hills of Itamar in the heart of the Samaria region.
This second floor apartment is brand new and spotlessly clean, with two bedrooms, a living room, dining area, kitchenette, and elegant pampering bathroom.
Tours are available, either from me or other guides, in a variety of languages, or you can just go spend time there alone.
Two rooms in a house of five rooms.
Up to 7 bedrooms, yard and balconies.
Upstairs in the loft, there are 10 mattresses for the children, air conditioning and a television for CD's only.
Usually the whole house, depending on number of guests.
Vacation Suite in Neve Daniel Quiet time away, fresh air, remarkable views across Israel from almost 1000 feet above sea level.
Vacation at the Dead Sea and stay in our private, brand new, comfortable family unit that allows you to experience an exciting closeness to the unique beauty of the Dead Sea.
Very quiet neighborhood, with regular bus service to Jerusalem or in other directions.
Very quiet neighborhood.
Very quite and relaxing, with garden, flowers and birds.
Von hier gibt es Busse zum Toten Meer, nach Tiberias-See Genezareth und sogar nach Elat.
Walk to site of ancient Tabernacle.
Walking distance to the pool, synagogue.
We also have a gallery where kids love to sleep, see pictures.
We also have some great restaurants nearby and a number of unique activities in the area (hikes, camels, ATVs, etc.)!
We are 1 hr from Jerusalem, 1/2 an hr from Bethlaham and 1 hr from Be'er Sheva.
We are 15 minutes from Jerusalem.
We are 800 meters above sea level, with beautiful mountain view.
We are a 5 minute drive to Modiin and Modiin Illit, both cities with almost 100,000 people each and all the big city amenities.
We are a couple, both are artists.
We are a family with 3 kids and a dog, living in a big private house with an amazing view to the Dead-Sea and to the desert mountains.
We are a professional couple.
We are a traditional Jewish Family.
We are available for all their needs, information and transportation if needed.
We are available to help you during your stay.
We are easy and flexible, and we will do are best to help you enjoy your stay!
We are familiar in this neighbourhood.
We are happy to kook and prepare the food together.
We are here to help with whatever we can.
We are located in Ovnat a Beautiful village.
We are located in Tekoa, a unique communal settlement about 20 minutes from Jerusalem.
We are located in a quiet neighbourhood named “Har Adar” a 900-meter high mountain in the middle of Jerusalem mountains and forest.
We are located in a very friendly, small community village.
We are located in the Shomron, surrounded by beautiful, biblical views and vinyards.
We are located in the industrial area of Kiryat Arba/Hevron.
We are located on the first hills on the way to Jerusalem and have a magnificent view of the sea and many old olive trees.
We are located only 10 minutes from kalia beach, 40 minutes from Masada ( to the south) and Jerusalem (to the north).
We are minutes away from the Cave of the Patriarchs where the patriarchs and matriarchs are burried.
We are on the second flour with our own en suite bathroom.
We are really friendly, American hosts and we're happy to answer any questions you have!
We are very friendly and are ready to help when needed.
We can arrange for you Biblical bread making workshops and other unique attractions that are available in the area.
We can help you organize your trip.
We can provide breakfast for 100/couple.
We can provide kosher meals, talk to us privately about it, if you are interested.
We cater to all your needs: Available also: reflexology and massage (for women only)
We don't bother our guests, they feel total privacy, but we are always around, you can ask us for any help.
We don't have any shop or a restaurant in Ovnat, but there is a shop in Kibbutz Kallya that is 5 min from us, and some nice restaurants in the area.
We have a cozy patio for relaxing or watching the sunrise.
We have an indoor pool that works all year round.
We have cables and adaptors if you forget.
We have hosted many events in our indoor halls and outdoor areas.
We have numerous parks in the neighborhood and fabulous scenery.
We have two beautiful children (4 and 6) that are always delighted to see new people.
We have two cabins, one for a couple and the second one is for a family.
We have two wooden cabins, located in a religious, quiet community.
We highly recommend to rent a car during your stay so you can travel freely and see some nice places around this beautiful area.
We invest in the tiny details of comfort, design, and style to make your stay with us completely enjoyable and relaxing.
We live and work upstairs.
We live in Bat Ayin.
We live in Kibbutz Kalia, near the Dead Sea.
We live in Ovnat, probably the lowest and smallest village you will ever visit.
We live in a Quiet Village, only a short driving distance from national nature reserves like Enot Tsukim and En Gedi.
We live in a beautiful historic Judean hills, near many tourist sights, including wineries and great restaurants, and the Herodion National Park.
We live in the house and are happy to serve them a delicious and rich home made breakfast and cater for all their needs.
We live in the main unit of the house.
We live very close to Ein Gedi nature reserve (10 minutes driving), to Kedem hot springs, Massada National Park, and only an hour drive from Jerusalem.
We look forward to hosting you!
We look forward to hosting you.
We love meeting new people, and we are available by text, mail, and phone.
We love meeting people and we interact with our guests as much as wanted by both sides.
We love to host and get to know people from all over the world.
We offer a traditional Israeli breakfast free of charge.
We offer comfortable bedrooms, living room with Wireless internet, TV, VCR and movies.
We offer guidance and tips for travelling throughout the whole region of Samaria.
We offer hospitality at our home in our guest room.
We offer you a variety of free tasty treats upon your arrival: chocolates, cookies in a sparkling clean apartment.
We offer you the option to order (kosher) meals with an additional payment, if you choose.
We speak English.
We want to make sure guests understand, we do not have rules as to what can or cannot be cooked.
We will be available on phone during your stay.
We will be happy to host and meet people from around the world.
We will be happy to show you over our interesting area and offer you the best advice for touring the Judean desert, the Shomron and Jerusalem.
We will be happy to suggest activites to do in the area, such as bikeriding tours, horseback riding, restraurants, and hikes.
We will gladly provide information and tips on the many attractions in the area.
We will meet you on arrival and be available by phone or chat for any questions during your stay.
We, the hosts, are in walking distance from the cabins.
Welcome to an unforgettable experience: quiet, close tourist and recreation sites.
Welcome to the accommodations Tal Ba`midbar at Kfar Adumim.
Well designed and brand new house with spectacular view, spacious garden close to family-friendly activities, great views, and art and culture.
Well equipped, decorated, beautifully & tastefully furnished in authentic oriental style.
Wer mit einem Mietwagen kommt kann direkt vors Haus fahren, natürlich umsonst.
What we have the most is quiet – lots of quiet!
WiFi, computer with internet.
With a neighbor we make our own unique wine from Shilo grapes.
With huge private parking.
With your spouse or as a family or friend, awaits you in a quality time of play, film or fun work from a variety of creative estimates we have to offer.
Would love to help you around and suggest activities, and of course, to host you here at the Dead Sea.
Yet, it's just a 7-minute drive into Jerusalem!
You are also welcome to use the garden with the hammock and the swing.
You are more than welcome to ask me about special attractions along the Dead Sea since what I do for a living is actually tourism consulting.
You are welcome to order a dinner or pre-packed lunch.
You are welcome to use the whole space including the big refrigerator and freezer.
You can also use the bus, or a private taxi.
You can stay here over shabat and join us in the se'udah (we keep kosher).
You can take a walk in the Date plantation near the beach or around the surrounding desert hills.
You can use the front yard of the apartment, drink your coffee or smoke a cigarette.
You should note that without a car it might be a little difficult since there is no restaurant or grocery store here.
You will drive straight until reaching a junction.
You will learn to work with glass to achieve incredible shape and color possibilites using the glass fusing technique.
Your suite: 2 rooms, nicely renovated, fully equipped, new beds, WIFI, outdoor area, ground floor, footsteps from synagogue.
You’ll love it because of the kitchen, the comfy bed, the light, the coziness, and the neighborhood.
You’ll love my place because of the ambiance.
You’ll love my place because of the beutiful open views of Israel.
You’ll love my place because of the neighborhood, the outdoors space, the comfy bed, and the light.
You’ll love my place because of the neighborhood.
You’ll love my place because of the outdoors space, the ambiance.
You’ll love my place because of the outdoors space, the view, maintaining cleanliness, the pacific around.
