a quiet place 400 meters above the sea level and 5 minites from Kfar Saba

A community of nice people who live a good life quality is also close to Tel Aviv within a half hour drive

The settlement shopping center and Country Club
My place is a quiet 4-bedroom house overlooking the Judean Desert and the Jordan Hills. It is a great spot for any guest travelling from Jerusalem to the North, South or the Dead Sea.

We have a cozy patio for relaxing or watching the sunrise. We also have some great restaurants nearby and a number of unique activities in the area (hikes, camels, ATVs, etc.)!

Make sure you make plans in advance so that I can help you with bus schedules.

Free coffee and tea, and if we have some cookies we would love to share them with you.

Available in any way you need

We have numerous parks in the neighborhood and fabulous scenery.

Our bus, the 215 from Binyanei Hauma (across the road from the Central Bus Station), is only every hour or two so please ask for specific schedules.

I live in a gated community so you may have to show some sort of ID when you arrive, and the guard might want to call to make sure.
As you know living in the desert is beautiful and quiet but note that it can make dust, and we like opening the windows...
A beautiful Villa, located perfectly between Jerusalem and the Dead Sea. 20 Min from Jerusalem. The House located in a quiet Village, children's frienldy. just 20 m from the Villa there is abeautiful play ground, in 3 min walk there is a Horse Farm, where you can enjoy rides. The house has a small but fun pool, and a  tennis table for use .
In the house you will find a huge rooms, comfertable bathrooms and kitchen full equipped.
Great little apartment in Alon Shvut, Close to Jerusalem, Right next to the famous Yeshivat Har Etzion. Perfect for a couple looking for a nice cozy place.
In a lush garden among fruit trees and flowers,
In a  Relaxing atmosphere,  we offer
comfortable bedrooms, living room with
Wireless internet, TV, VCR and movies,
Fully equipped kitchen.
Panoramic view of Gush Etzion, airy, bright, homey.
Centrally located in Alon Shvut, Gush Etzion,
close to buses, shopping center, parks, Har Etzion Yeshiva, shuls, great views, and restaurants and dining. 
My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
This apartment has its own back entrance. 4 adult beds available, kosher kitchen, storage closet, big beautiful backyard with trampoline, lots of toys. available July 19th-Aug 20. right near supermarkets, restaurants, parks, shuls, and 30 min drive from center of Jerusalem. all utilities are available for use.

perfect for couple with two kids

beautiful community

you need a car to get around
Rustic caravan in the middle of the vineyards with stunning views!
Around there is many springs, Hiking, Extreme Park, and boutique restaurants.

A 20-minute drive from Jerusalem. There is a bus every hour to Jerusalem.
140 meters house, 5 rooms, 2 shawers in the center of ariel, close to shops and green park
A room in a spacious modern flat in the center of Ariel. 
(The room size is 3.0m X 3.8m)
2 min walk from local shops and money change.

Free unlimited Sim card and unlimited Internet usage with a Local Number for anyone booking a week or more. (Inc free calls abroad to land line numbers to most countries and to mobiles in the US )

1 hr away by bus from Jerusalem, Tel Aviv and the beach. (35 min by car)

I am a film maker and working from home, so am there most of the time to help.

Spacious cottage. We live and work upstairs.

Look at the pictures + there is us, specially friendly and welcoming.

The whole flat basically. We are on the second flour with our own en suite bathroom. My office is upstairs too.

We love meeting people and we interact with our guests as much as wanted by both sides.

We are a professional couple. I am a film maker and working from home, so am there most of the time and always ready to help.

1 hr away by bus from Tel Aviv and the beach. Bus every 15 to 20 min.
30 min by car to the Beach and 40 min to Tel Aviv. 
The main Toll Rd no 6,  15 min away.
Ovnat is a small village by the dead sea. It is a 5 minute drive from the  dead sea shore and 15 minutes from beautiful streams and fascinating trails of Nachal David, Nachal Arugot, Ein Feshkha and Ein Gedi. It is the perfect base for exciting and educational outings in the area, including the first- century Essene village of Qumran and the Herodian fortress on the heights of masada. This apartment is brand new and spotlessly clean.

This  second floor apartment is brand new and spotlessly clean, with two bedrooms, a living room, dining area, kitchenette, and elegant pampering bathroom. One bedroom has a queen size bed and the second has 2 single beds and a few mattresses. The apartment has a  living room, dining area and full kitchen with a refrigerator, toster oven, cooktop and coffee/tea kettle .living room opens to a huge roof terrace overlooking the Dead Sea to the East and the magnificent Judean desert peaks to the West.

The unit has a  beautiful big private balcony ( 100 m') Overlooking the view of the dead sea and The mountains of Moab.

We love meeting new people , and we are available by text, mail, and phone.

Ovnat is a sweet little village, with warm people and beautiful primeval view.

The best way to get around here is a car. You can also use the bus, or a private taxi.

We are easy and flexible, and we will do are best to help  you enjoy your stay!
In the heart of the Judean Desert, opposite the special Dead Sea, a charming and well equipped studio.
Welcome to an unforgettable experience: quiet, close tourist and recreation sites. Ten minutes from the public beach and just half an hour from Masada and Jerusalem.

At -345  meters under sea level that is the lowest Airbnb home in the universe!!!

And, if you are adventurous and are looking for a different experience on the Dead Sea, away from the tourist stops ask us about the secret hike -)

My studio for dance and movement becomes the perfect place for your vacation! 
In the heart of a new and vibrant neighborhood in Ovnat, we invite you to experience a combination of desert, quiet, welcoming people and a comfortable and pleasant stay.
Here you can enjoy a large spacious space, super clean, shower, kitchenette, linen and towels and a tourist consultant who will gladly answer any question (this is my husband :-)

You are welcome to use the whole space including the big refrigerator and freezer.

You are more than welcome to ask me about special attractions along the Dead Sea since what I do for a living is actually tourism consulting.

 if you are adventurous and desire an amazing private Dead Sea experience ask about the hike. It is beautiful and you will be alone floating in paradise complete with mud bath! If you are looking for a different experience on the Dead Sea away from the tourist stops we highly recommend it!

We live in Ovnat, probably the lowest and smallest village you will ever visit. Only 31 families live here at about 341 meters *under* sea level, all are young and kind. 
What we have the most is quiet – lots of quiet!
Please dress appropriately when walking around the neighborhood.

Getting around is made easy by car or by public transportation since the village is close to a main road (90).
You should note that without a car it might be a little difficult since there is no restaurant or grocery store here. The closest store is about 7-minute drive, in Kalia.

Please note that we will be happy to help and give advice on any day of the week.  As religious Jews, we will not be available at all on Fridays (from around sunset), until Saturday (until an hour after sunset). 
We will be happy to give advice when we see each other, but all are cellphones and computers are off for these 25 hours :-)
Vacation at the Dead Sea and stay in our private, brand new, comfortable family unit that allows you to experience an exciting closeness to the unique beauty of the Dead Sea. We are located only 10  minutes from kalia beach, 40 minutes from Masada ( to the south) and Jerusalem (to the north).

Our family unit is 25 square meters, with two large comfortable beds, and a loft with 4 mattresses for the chidren to sleep. 
There is a bathroom and a shower, small kichen available for cooking, with a small refrigerator with a carton of milk. 
The unit has a separate entrance, and it's location creats for a family a distinct sense of privacy, with an outside sitting area overlooking the stunning vastness if the Dead Sea.
We are located in a very friendly, small community village.

For questions you can call: (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ,
 or send an email: (Email hidden by Airbnb) 

Ovnat is a small village, it is a beautiful  and a very quiet place. We don't have any shop or a restaurant in Ovnat, but there is a shop in Kibbutz Kallya that is 5 min from us, and some nice restaurants in the area.

For getting to us you can drive your car or come with an Egged bus to Ovnat- number: (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) from Jerusalem.

Instructions to drive to our unit:
On entering the gate of Ovnat , drive a few meters and then turn left.  You will drive straight until reaching a junction.  Make a left turn and continue to our house #423, the last house on the right.
Our house in the  judean desert nearby the dead sea is  great for families and couples who want to spend a nice and quite weekend or  holiday.
Our inviting house is waiting for you..

Our nice  designed home includes: private parking, a big kitchen and a nice open space in the living room.
4 large badrooms, 3 toilets and a bath. There is a large yard outside with an outdoor eating space in a patio facing the dead sea.

We will be  available on phone during your stay.

Our neighborhood is a walking distance from the dead sea Beach. You can take a walk in the Date plantation near the beach or around the surrounding desert hills.

We live in a Quiet Village, only a short driving distance from national nature reserves like   Enot Tsukim and En Gedi, and a 40 min. drive from Messada and Jerusalem.
A beautiful and intimate country house, looking over the Dead Sea and in walking distance from it (in the winter). Half an hour drive from Jerusalem, Matzada, Qumran, and close to many natural sweet water sources. Ideal for families- quiet, safe (children can play outside unwatched). The house is Kosher so is appropriate for Religious Jews or Vegans.

We also have a gallery where kids love to sleep, see pictures. It holds 5 mattresses.

Usually the whole house, depending on number of guests. If there are 6 guests or less, the small bedroom will be left closed.

I am almost always available, best to email or send sms. If you are on your way to the house or in it, please call me to recive a quicker answer.

Very quiet neighborhood. Please note the neighborhood is religious, meaning that people staying over over Saturday must behave in accordance (no loud music, etc.).

A car is very helpful in the area.

The price is for 6 people maximum, not including infants (up to two infants, 
 both under 2 years old). Over 6 guests it is another 100 Nis per person per night. Maximum 10 people, including infants.
Come and experience the Dead sea and Judean desert  in this amazing 2 room 1 Bathroom brand new apartment. Only five minutes away from the near beach, and half an hour away from Ein Gedi and Mesada.
 Beautiful Ocean view from Main Living room.

This bright, sunny, super clean one bedroom unit is Newly renovated, it features a fully equipped kitchenette (refrigerator and stove top) Plasma 3D TV, working desk, AC, computer and free WIFI. The Unit has a separate entrance, and has complete privacy. It is connected to the main house where my family lives.
Double bed in bedroom, and onther double bed in living room. Pack n Play available too. Fresh linens and towels are provided, sleeps up to 5.
Bathroom has brand new Rain head. 
We are located in Ovnat a Beautiful village. 
Located only half an hour from Ein Gedi and Masada and 40 Minute drive to Jerusalem.

kitchenette (refrigerator and stove top) Plasma 3D TV, working desk, AC, computer and free WIFI.

Here, (Email hidden by Airbnb) or ph (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) Ovnat is a small and very calm and charming village located in the northern Dead Sea. 
There are several new homes, a few caravans and a high school.  In the village there are religious residents but it is permitted to enter and leave on Saturday. 
There is no mini-market in the settlement but there are kibbutzim next to Mitzpe Shalem, a 10-minute drive away.
The view to the Dead Sea is close and relaxing and fills the soul. The mountains of Edom and the Dead Sea from the front and cliff of the Judean Desert in the back are unique landscape and location throughout the entire area

The best way to get there is in the car, but there is a bus from Jerusalem or from Ein Gedi. The Dead Sea is better in the car, but Masada has a bus
Come stay at the lowest Villa on earth! 
Enjoy the peaceful atmosphere at home, and the beautiful desert around 
The Villa  is facing the Dead Sea
If you're looking for a calm and quiet vacation, we'll be happy to have you. The Sudri family
ברוכים הבאים לביתנו באבנת שבצפון ים המלח. בבית תוכלו למצוא ארבעה חדרי שינה סלון מטבח מרווחים ומרפסת גינה ענקית אל מול הרי מואב וים המלח. משחקים לילדים. הרבה שקט ושלווה. בסביבה הקרובה עין פשחה עין גדי נחל דוד ערוגות, חופים ומסלולי טיול רבים. נשמח בבואכם.

הישוב שלנו דתי. והמטבח כשר. קחו בחשבון שבשבת יש כאן אווירת שבת ובמרחב הציבורי לא מדליקים אש ולא מוזיקה. בתוך הבית תנהגו איך שמתאים לכם. לגבי אוטו, אפשר להכנס ולצאת.
New studio! garden with amaizing dead sea view. In ovnat small and peacfull village. One big room with bad bathroom and kitchen. And nice place out side
mobile home,amazing view to dead sea, privacy, 200 meter on top of settlement "ovnat", 20 minets walking from dead sea, 5 bed, hot shower, Shade nets.
Appartement dans villa ultra résidentiel piscine jacuzzi
Our place is close to Jerusalem- 20 min, 45 min from Tel Aviv, 1 hour from the Dead Sea.   
  Great views, restaurants and dining, parks, art and culture, natural springs, forest, mauntain and near the desert.. You’ll love my place because of  The beutiful open views of Israel. very good vibes. Nice design of the House, very cozy and of course its well equipped!. My place is good for couples and solo adventurers.

It is important to note that our lifestyle is Permaculture principles held by.  therefore we use composting toilet and we keep our food leftovers to our garden compost so our geusts are welcome to do so as well while staying at our House. (not must)

Our bus is built out of love and thinking about the environment.
So we tried to recycle and use what we already have. 
Of course it's present in the particular house design and the atmosphere.
we hope anly in a good way :)

Our kitchen equipped with Kosher dishes for dairy and meat.

We live in Bat Ayin. it is a very spaicial small vilige Consisting mainly of artists, crafts workers, alternative therapists...
The residents of the vilige are religious/ guardians of Jewis tradition. 
' will appreciate if our guests respect the character of the place. Its expressed mainly in the weekend (Friday Saturday).
Little house in beautiful Bat Ayin suitable for a couple for a relaxing vacation on weekends. Luxurious house fully equipt for shabbat (takeaway shabbat food 5 minute drive away), stunning view with fresh air sorounded with fruit trees and nature.

Bat Ayin is an othentic and relaxing vilage blessed with natural springs (walking distance) and amazing view!
The perfect place for a quiet and relaxing time-off in Gush Etsion. Well designed and brand new house with spectacular view, spacious garden close to family-friendly activities, great views, and art and culture. My place is good for couples, families (with kids), and furry friends (pets).
מקום חלומי.
מקסים בשביל משפחה, רומנטי לזוגות. 
נופים מרהיבים מכל חלון, שבילים עטורים בעצי פרי ונוי, ומעיינות במרחק עשר דק' הליכה.

הישוב 'בת עין' השוכן בגוש עציון, נבנה לפני כעשרים שנה על צלע הר גבוה מאד, ירקרק ויפהפה, עם נוף מרהיב עד לים התיכון.
הישוב שומר שבת וכך גם המתארחים בו. בית הכנסת המרכזי במרחק חמש דקות הליכה.

אתם מקבלים את כל הביקתה, מלאת פרטיות ונעימה, שני חדרי שינה, סלון ומטבח מטופחים, 2 מרפסות, חצר ונוף.
בכל חדר שינה מיטה זוגית, ובסלון ספה שנפתחת גם לשתי מיטות נוחות. סה"כ 6 אנשים על מיטות.
A 2 bedroom apartment with a kitchen and balcony and privet garden. The apartment has a private entrance. It is few minutes walk from a supermarket [open 7-22]. It is located in a large religious Jewish community, close to shull. Bus stop a minute walk away. There is no public transport on Saturday.

Buses numb (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) to Jerusalem goes approximately every half an hour.

The apartment is close to a dental clinic which is active only part time
Nice homey place to stay half way between Jerusalem and Beer Sheva.  Close to all the tourist places of Biblical Hevron and the Cave of Patriarchs.
Pleasant bedroom with fun family. Very quiet neighborhood, with regular bus service to Jerusalem or in other directions.

This is Shilo. Walk to site of ancient Tabernacle. Tours are available, either from me or other guides, in a variety of languages, or you can just go spend time there alone. 

Neighborhood grocery store, green grocer, pizza. Pool open during the summer.

House has WiFi. Community with spirit. With a neighbor we make our own unique wine from Shilo grapes. One of the few wines you can find that adds NOTHING to the grape. Not sulfides, not yeast for fermentation, not wood for flavor. Pure wine. Has won some international prizes.

We are 800 meters above sea level, with beautiful mountain view. Quiet and relaxation. If there is anything we can do to make your stay enjoyable, please ask. Can tell you much about this interesting country, at a very interesting stage of its development. 

Chaia parle aussi le français.

Enjoy meeting guests and talking to them about life in Shilo and Israel
We have two wooden cabins, located in a religious, quiet community.  Dolev is located near the city Moddin, which is a half an hour from Jerusalem and Tel-Aviv.  Both cabins are fully equipped with all the kitchen appliances for a religious family.

We have two cabins, one for a couple and the second one is for a family.  The couple cabin has an upstairs loft with a bed and air conditioning.  Downstairs is the kitchen and living room with the bathroom and jacuzzi.    There is also a television and air conditioning.  
The family cabin, has a master bedroom with a bathroom, television and air conditioning.  Upstairs in the loft, there are 10 mattresses for the children,  air conditioning and a television for CD's only. 
 Our cabins are located in a religious community.  There are all the facilities for a religious family to enjoy holidays in Israel.  The pool is open separate in the summer for men and women. 

 צימרים יפהפים לנוף פסטורלי באווירה כפרית ושקטה בישוב הדתי דלב. בישוב בית כנסת,חוות סוסים ואטרקציות נוספות. הצימרים צמודים לבריכת שחייה הפעילה באביב ובקיץ בשעות נפרדות לנשים וגברים. מתאים למשפחות ולזוגות

The cabins are located in a secluded area of the village close to the pool.  
The cabins are in walking distance to the grocery, synagogue, bus station and pool.

We, the hosts, are in walking distance from the cabins.

Since the village is religious, our guests have to follow religious procedures during the holidays and Shabbat and dress modestly while walking around the village.

There is public transportation to Dolev.  At the cabins there is plenty of parking space for your cars. הצימרים בישוב דלב, קרוב לעיר מודיעין במעוצה אזורית מטה בנימין

There are places in the village where you can order food and other facilities like hairdressers and facial treatments.  There is also a horse ranch in Dolev and a bicycle rental in Talmon (village right next to Dolev).   There are also tour guides in the village that you can rent their services.
2 bedroom apartment with all amenaties , in the heart of a quiet and elegant community. 25 min drive to Jerusalem and close to all attractions of gush etzion. Bus stop right up stairs. Just bring your bags and it's ready for you !
Beautiful newly renovated basement apartment. Located in the Zayit neighborhood on Haktoret Street. (Next to Narissa's)

Great for families with a fully furnished kitchen perfect for long visits or just a Shabbat

Beautiful new basement apartment, includes:

3 bedrooms 
1.5 bathrooms
Toaster Oven
Hot plate (Shabbat plata)
Microwave
Stovetop
Air conditioning/heating
Wi-fi

There is parking across the street from the apartment and buses up the block
Visiting Israel on a Budget?
Efrat BED & BREAKFAST
An affordable Place to stay 
In a residential suburb of Jerusalem 
3 furnished rooms, accomodates 6 
AC/Heating * Refrigerator * Coffee/Tea Corner * Garden
 (Email hidden by Airbnb) 



Homey, warm and clean 3 room Bed and Breakfast
with all the amenities, TV, VCR, DVD, movies, music,
coffee/tea/snacks/fruit basket corner, fridge, etc.

Guests have acess to a full floor and to our kitchen and the garden

We live in the house and are happy to serve them a delicious and rich home made breakfast and cater for all their needs.

Residential lush  neighbourhood, 3 minutes from the shopping center, parks, etc. Across the street from the bus to Jerusalem. 

Available also: tour of the area, Gush Etzion,
Jerusalem

Friendly atmosphere,
We cater to all your needs:
Available also: reflexology and massage
(for women only)
Comfortable family den, wood ceiling, well heated in the winter and airconditioned in the summer, wifi, TV, DVD, movies, delicious home made breakfast, Coffee/tea corner with refreshments, snacks, fruit basket.

A full floor on top of our home. which has a living room, 2 bedrooms and bathroom and breakfast is being served in the dinning room on the entrance level.

Access to the upper level is through 2 sets of stairs, through our home.

We are available for all their needs, information
and transportation if needed.

Residential and quite neighbourhood, surrounded trees, parks, a block away from the shopping center

Efrat B&B is across the street from the bus to and from Jerusalem, and a block away from the local synagogues
I am offering a detached cottage in our beautiful garden located in a gated community in the Biblical Judean Hills, a mere 20 minute drive from Jerusalem.  We are a traditional Jewish Family. People from all backgrounds are welcome in our home. I am a gourmet caterer. We offer a traditional Israeli breakfast free of charge. You are welcome to order a dinner or pre-packed lunch.   
We will gladly provide  information and tips on the many attractions in the area.

I offer a unique personal touch, such as organic cotton sheets, option of vegan or vegetarian breakfast.  Local produce used, including self grown fruit and herbs in season.

Our entire garden is yours to roam, pick fruit (in season) at will.

Languages spoken:
English, German and Hebrew

We live in a beautiful historic Judean hills, near many tourist sights, including wineries and great restaurants, and the Herodion National Park.   We can arrange for you Biblical bread making workshops and other unique attractions that are available in the area.
״The Rock" This is a pampering B & B in Eli, in Binyamin. 

Staying in our apartment  can give you an experience of inspiration, love and creativity. 
With your spouse or as a family or friend, awaits you in a quality time of play, film or fun work from a variety of creative estimates we have to offer.

The place is very pampering and invested to the smallest details. The place is suitable for sleeping and staying for a joint stay and has creative kits to strengthen the connection between the guests.
Meals can be ordered at an additional cost

Ali is a quality and well-kept settlement located in the Binyamin region, mostly religious. The moshav has a swimming pool that operates in the summer, a well-developed shopping center and entertainment venues as well as religious institutions and synagogues.

A 5-minute drive from Eli is the biblical Tel Shilo, a powerful archeological site. There are a number of restaurants and wineries and studios in the area. The distance from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem is about 45 minutes

The apartment is air-conditioned and has a WIFI, TV and all the things needed for the kitchen including oven, fridge, microwave, coffee maker.
Newly-built vacation apartment with a private courtyard and a stair-free entrance. Features a full bathroom, equipped kitchen, bedroom with two beds and an open-up couch in the living room and washing machine. Walking distance to the pool, synagogue

We are located in the Shomron, surrounded by beautiful, biblical views and vinyards. Near ancient Shilo, site of the Tabernacle with a visitors center and tours. 40 minute drive to Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.

We will be happy to suggest activites to do in the area, such as bikeriding tours, horseback riding, restraurants, and hikes. We can provide breakfast for 100/couple
3 bedrooms on 2 levels (floors).

Very close to Jerusalem  (3 km), perfect transportation (bus to the Jerusalem center each 30-20 min)

This is very safe (with 24/7 guard) settlement near Jerusalem, with very beautiful landscape and a lot of trails for sightseeing. There is an option to get travel guide person for trails. 20 minutes ride to dead sea by car. A number of groceries are available.

Public transportation is 50 meters from home, the bus is every 20-30 minutes depending on times of the day.

Grocery 100 meters from the apt. Bus stop 50 meter from apt.
The apartment is ideal for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
It has a great location, very close to Kibbutz Maale Hachamisha and Kibbutz Kiryat Anavim, near a resort of great restaurants and cafe).
Har Adar located in a perfect location to explore Israel, just 5 min drive to Tel Aviv-Jerusalem highway. (Road no.1)
A lot of free parking in the streets beside the apartment.

The apartment is fully renovated, about 50 square meter, a leaving room with kitchen and toilet in the first floor, and a second floor gallery with bathroom and toilet.
The access to the apartment is by stairs.

We are located in a quiet neighbourhood named “Har Adar” a 900-meter high mountain in the middle of Jerusalem mountains and forest. The apartment is in the centre of Israel, a great place to explore the country. The distances for key points are:
Jerusalem – 14 KM
Tel Aviv – 55 KM
Abu Gush – 4 KM
Ded Sea – 51 KM
Nazareth – 137 KM
Eilat – 352 KM
Tiberias – 168 KM
The apartment is located in a separate building that will give you a full privacy, all rooms are in front of the view.

The apartment is just 40 meter from bus station to Jerusalem that arrive every hour (in day time).

Israeli citizens must pay VAT (additional 17%), other guests must send a picture of there passport.
Located in a small,  quiet suburban neighborhood of Jerusalem,  on a hill overlooking the coast of Israel.   The unit is a two-room apartment just below our beautiful house,  located on the ground floor.  There are two big bedrooms,  a fully functional kitchen,  cozy living room  and dining area, library, study  hall,  patio, and one giant Shower!!!  and of course, Israeli hospitality.

The apartment in the most peaceful environment.  (It's in the Israeli area,  NOT the Palestinian authority ). Free unlimited parking on the street right in front of the apartment. The unit is located 30 minutes from Old City (Jerusalem)  and 40 minutes from Ben Gurion Airport. There is also a bus stop  (no. 187 - to the Jerusalem central bus station)  steps away from the apartment. Recommended to rent your own car!

The whole apartment is available for the guests' use.

I am always happy to help with anything you may need.

Har Adar is a community located in North Judean mountains. Har Adar is carried to an altitude of 880 metres above sea level and can be view on the cities near the Mediterranean.

Bus No. 187 from Platform 2 in the Central Bus Station in Jerusalem to Har Adar. The bus stops by the house and asks the driver to tell you when to get off.
Come and be among the first to enjoy a brand new apartment in the pastoral hill station of Har Adar. This cozy apartment was designed with lots of love, to make you feel the warmth as if it is your own home. It is located on the tallest mountain between Jerusalem and the sea, in one of the most beautiful areas of Israel. Open concept with lots of natural light and view points. This is a prime location, only 25 minutes from Jerusalem, 20 minutes From Hasada Hospital, and 40 minutes from Tel Aviv.

The apartment has 3 bedrooms. It is in the first floor of our house. There is a private entrance for guests, and total privacy inside the apartment.     
It comes fully furnished with everything you’ll need for a comfortable and worry-free stay - 2 double beds,1 double sofa bed, clean and comfy linens and towels provided, shower cabin and washing machine. Equipped kitchen including refrigerator, oven, microwave, and electric stove. Cable TV and free Wi-Fi.

You can use the front yard of the apartment, drink your coffee or smoke a cigarette.

I will be happy to help and guide you during your stay!

The neighborhood is nice and quiet. It is recommended to do walks and enjoy the mountain fresh air and see the amazing view.

There is a bus stop to Jerusalem next to our house. We highly recommend to rent a car during your stay so you can travel freely and see some nice places around this beautiful area.

The supermarket is located in Mevo Hashaked st.
There are good restaurants in Abu Gosh and in Kiryat Anavim which is 5 minutes by car.
Pastoral and beautiful private  house in the mountains. Only 20 minutes from Jerusalem and 40 minutes from Tel Aviv. Quiet , lovely and relaxing place.

This is the perfect house for a family with kids. it contains private parking, 5 bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, 3 balconies with nice view  and private garden. The kitchen is beautiful and equipped.

2 floors and 160 sq.m. of decorative house are available for you.

I would be happy to help you during your stay.
Our amazing apartment is available for long or short term rent to the right person. 

our small heated pool and jacuzzi, plus a 6 person sauna, are available to our guests, giving the apartment a spa-like holiday retreat.

the open plan kitchen and living room is clean simple and modern, with all new storage, oven and hot plate for cooking.

we have supplied new cutlery and kitchenware enough to host a nice dinner. 
the small shower and bathroom suite is supplied with generous amounts of hot water. 

there are two bedrooms, the master has a king size bed, while the second bedroom has two smaller single beds, there are ample storage and modern airconditioning throughout the apartment.

The lower garden is shady secluded and pleasant to relax in, while at night as the sun sets the upper deck makes for a great view of the sunset over the plains to the west.

sorry NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the property,
we do not allow pets.

bbq.
pool
sauna.
jacuzzi.

As we live upstairs above the apartment we are always available to help you.

Har adar is located 20 minutes from the center of Jerusalem, a sixty minute drive from Tel aviv, 30 minutes from the airport. 

this makes it an ideal place to stay for your work or holiday.

Har Adar. is a small secular gated community, with its own school's shop and post office. 

at the very top of the hill is a viewpoint offering excellent photo opportunities. 

wooded trails for bikes and hikes an off road ride and community clubes provide entertainment.

there are no restaurants here but five minutes away is the town of ABU GOSH. famous for tahini and arabic food.

we recommend a hire car.
there is one bus per hour direct to the city center.

we only rent to visitors from overseas, our house is non-kosher. We want to make sure guests understand, we do not have rules as to what can or cannot be cooked. If you are uncomfortable please feel free to look at alternat locals. 
This is the desert highlands lots of trees dust and a unique climate.
We have cables and adaptors if you forget.
new this year Satalite TV WITH HUNDREDSB OF CHANNELS.
 sory we speak only English. 
OUR SMOKING AND PET RULES ARE STRICTLY ENFORCED.
Our house is located on Mt. Gerizim in the heart of Samaria and is great for people who wants to live simple , and like to explore the region of Samaria. We offer guidance and tips for travelling throughout the whole region of Samaria. The house is right for travelers, who look for a simple place, couples or individual travelers.

Our house is God-given, and we are always open for new experiences with any kind of people, who respect our vision.There is one dedicated room for guests and our attic is divided into 3 rooms, that can be arranged and used according to the choice of the guests. Every hosting is organized according to the character of the guests.

Downstairs there is the dedicated guest room, the shower and the toilet, what our family and the guests use. There is a living room and a kitchen that the guests can use for being there and for preparing of food. We are happy to kook and prepare the food together.

I am happy to speak and hear from the quests and also to share advice, while the guests are here. I'm an experienced tour guide and traveller :) I'm very happy if guests honour and do not missuse my pure will to assist everyone.
Very quiet and private home with large garden,  located right in the middle between Jerusalem and Tel-Aviv, 10 minutes drive from Airport. Contains Kitchen, separate bedroom, Jacuzzi. Perfect for Observant Jews, Located in a prestigious Orthodox Jewish community.  Everyone is welcome, including four-legged guests.  Prices are flexible, big discounts for longer stays. Possibility for airport pick up as well.

Very quite and relaxing, with garden, flowers and birds. Sauna and Jacuzzi are great after long busy day. We can provide kosher meals, talk to us privately about  it, if you are interested.  WiFi, computer with internet.  Kitchen with all the facilities, cooking stove, microwave, refrigerator, coffee, tea.

We don't bother our guests, they feel total privacy, but we are always around, you can ask us for any help.

Our place is great because of it's location. It's far away from big cities, so it's very quiet, but it's only 20 min drive to Jerusalem, 25 minutes drive to Tel-Aviv and the sea, 5 minutes to Modiin, 7 minutes to the train station.

This community is an Orthodox Jewish community.  No cars are allowed to enter or drive around on the Jewish Sabbath and holidays. People who don't follow these laws usually park their vehicles outside the community and take a short stroll to their cars.
Fantastic location two minute walk from Glenwood, the largest shul in the area and less than 4 minutes to the trampiada!
The community is a Jewish religious (dati/frum) community. No private cars are allowed on Shabbat.
We are a 5 minute drive to Modiin and Modiin Illit, both cities with almost 100,000 people each and all the big city amenities.

Quiet relaxing well located 100 sqm (1000 sqf) apartment with lots of storage and all furniture including two reclining leather couches.

Hi speed wireless internet provided. Can help with meal arrangements too.

We are available to help you during your stay.

Great public transportation to Jerusalem and close to Modiin and the train station in Modiin.
Taxi company typically has cars available within 5-10 minutes of your phone call.

Looking for shomer shabbat and kashrut guests only.
My place is good for families (with kids).
This place Giv'at Janoah is located in the hills of Itamar in the heart of the Samaria region. It is a place directly in the nature and is meant to host travelers who wants to have a direct touch with the nature. It is good for individuals and for families with this spirit. The place is simple. One room has 4 beds and another place is a tent that we cal wigwam, with a place for 5 people.

The place is good for groups up to 9 people, who love a simple style and love plants and art. travelers who play music will find the place very attractive since the host loves art and music.

There is a big tent with facilities for cooking inside. The tent is great for being and eating together. There is a big garden in the place, where the guests can use. also there is a fire place.

The host likes very much to interact with his guests. During the week the host comes late at night home, but Fridays he's available.

The host speaks Hebrew and Russian, and not too much English. The host is very friendly to guests as he likes very much people coming from different places.
A sweet and cozy brand new suite with a beautiful view of the dead sea. 
a large space with a private kitchen with all the accessories, private bathroom and shower and a garden "themed" balcony.
nice and quite area with supermarket and lots of parking available.
meals are not  included  paid food can be ordered.

5 min drive from the best attractions, the Qumran caves, dead-sea kalia beach, Jericho and Qasr el yahud.
also very close to the area Ein-Gedi (Nahal David, Nahal Arugot), Mesada and Jerusalem.

our guests can enjoy BBQ,  and a Shisha.

mobile (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) e mail- (Email hidden by Airbnb) 

The most beautiful place in the world

Public transportation Line 486 to Jerusalem, Masada, and Ein Bokek

Walking distance from the unit is a department store, a synagogue, a money-pulling device, a second-hand clothing store, a bus service to Jerusalem and Ein Bokek
A separate floor of 2 bedrooms, private bathroom and a huge balcony facing the Dead Sea. Here are some more details: 

About the Location:

- 8 min. drive to the Dead Sea beaches (Kalya, Biankini and more beaches)
- 15 min. drive to the mineral mud beaches
- 40 min. drive to Messada, the archaeological table mountain site.
- 10 min. to the the streams and more national parks.
- 5 min. drive to the first restaurant at the area. 

About your Private Floor:

- 2nd floor
- 2 big bedrooms with double bed each
- One private bathroom
- Huge balcony with seating area and great view to the Dead Sea
- T.V
- Wireless internet. 
- Small seating area with coffee and tea and cookies

About the rest of the House:

I'll live on the 1st floor and you are more than welcome to share the kitchen with me, for storage, cooking, dinning and more. You are also welcome to use the garden with the hammock and the swing.  

About me: 

I'm Gila, and I live in the Kibbutz for 13 years, I'm 55 years old, divorced, and my boys are already out of the house. I work in Jerusalem at the Hi-Tec industry, sing at a choir, crafting jewellers and sculptures and working at the garden. Would love to help you around and suggest activities, and of course, to host you here at the Dead Sea.

Looking forward!
We are a couple, both are artists. We live in Kibbutz Kalia, near the Dead Sea. We offer hospitality at our home in our guest room. The room has a Separate entrance, exit to the garden and is suitable for 1-2 people. The room includes: kitchenette, shower and toilet, double bed, closet with sheets and towels, refrigerator, cable TV, electric kettle.

For a little extra you can get meals and work with us and create in our studio. We will be happy to host and meet people from around the world.
2 rooms with a/c (room for 4 people) with a private entrance (front and back doors) kitchenette ,washing machine in the backyard
Internet access
Plenty of toys available for children
Close to the bus line (to Kfar Saba, Ranana. Petach Tiqva) not far from the local mall where bus to Jerusalem is available)
Nearby local grocery store open from 6:30 a.m.
Parking in front of the house

All the comforts of home (plenty of hot water )
Plenty of closet space

Covered back porch with table and chairs
Front yard with chairs and grass

We live in the main unit of the house.We are here to help with whatever we can

Basically quiet neighborhood. If your a walker, runner plenty of open spaces available.

There is bus service and plenty of parking right outside the house
Two rooms in a house of five rooms. A shared bathroom with a tub and shower.

Close to buses

Close to the Young Israel of Neve Aliza
Third floor apartment with an spectacular view of the Shomron mountains, quiet location, opposite the apartment A bus stop to Kfar Sava, Tel Aviv and Jerusalem.
Close to the apartment there are three parks and parking.
Beautiful apartment, located 15 minutes from Jerusalem city and 15 minutes from the amazing Dead Sea. surrounded by the Juda dessert mountains.
Welcome to the accommodations Tal Ba`midbar at Kfar Adumim.
Detailed below is the primary information regarding the site and the variety of services and facilities it offers.
A more detailed and full account will be uploaded soon.

At the site there are accomodations (Zimmers) as follows:
Accommodations suitable for families and/or groups
Rooms for couples and families
Additions:
Pets are not allowed
A Shabbat observing tent - no fire is lit on a Sabbath
Non-Smoking Rooms
Facilities are suitable for religious guests
Services and amenities in your room:
Wired or wireless Internet access
Air conditioning available
Bedroom plus living room
Sabbath clock
Kitchen
Free hot drinks - coffee, tea, milk, sugar
A completely accessorized kitchenette
Fridge & Freezer
Microwave
Stove
Electric stove
Oven
Crockery & Utensils
Kettle
Bathroom
Bath
Attached bathroom
Towels
Living room
Plasma/LCD screen television
Luxuries
Body Massage
Facilities
Garden furniture
Outdoor grills
A park and lawns
Private parking
Methods of payment
Cash only
Check
In place and surrounding area
Synagogue
Free entrance to the Kibbutz/settlement pool
Minimarket
Mikvah
Sports facilities (football, basketball…)
Playgrounds for children
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We speak
English
Quiet and fully furnished room in private house with separate entrance, adjacent yard and individual (Website hidden by Airbnb) bus station to Jerusalim is 3 min by foot and only 10 miles to Jerusalem border and within 15 miles to The Dead Sea. The owner speaks English, Russian, French
Luxury home.heated pool&WATSU treatments.spectacular desert view.
Kfar Adumim is a small village on top of a mountain overlooking Jerusalem and the Dead sea. The village of Kfar Adumim sits on a cliff overlooking the Wadi Kelt (Prat Canyon).
Read (EMAIL HIDDEN)
Quiet location, only 15 minutes drive from Jerusalem, amazing view to the Judean Desert and the Dead Sea, private rooms,A place to enjoy the quiet.

Large Bungalow (up to 10 people): 1575 NIS per week, 6750 NIS per month.
The price includes free use of water, electricity and gas (in the kitchen) and satellite TV
Welcome to Nehara Bamidbar (Nehara in the Desert)
Located on the edge of the desert, with a breathtaking panoramic view, is our suite. Offering tranquility and relaxation and an escape from daily tumult, visitors come to take a deep breath and unwind. The simple, soft contours of the desert horizon are mirrored in the design of the suite and its grounds.
15 minutes from Jerusalem, off the main road descending to the Dead Sea, the suite is spacious and stylish.

Inside, is an alcove with a queen-size bed, adjacent to a Jacuzzi for two and a large washroom with a luxuriousshower. There is also a kitchenette equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine, refrigerator, and a single electric burner. There is a dining area, a family living room with a comfortable sofa which opens to accommodatethree children, a television with an LCD screen and YES cable, free wi-fi, and an air conditioning unit. Airy and light, with a lounge facing the garden and the view, there is access to a large patio and outdoor area

In the community of NofeiPratthere is a synagogue, a mikva, secretariat, postal service, parks, and children’s activities.

The neighboring town of KfarAdumim offers a large swimming pool, grocery shop, and quality meat restaurants. Other fun dining options include a delicious creperie, Pizza Moshe’spizza shop, Kfar Burger, and more.

Hiking and bicycle trails can easily be found around the area of NachalPrat. (NachalPrat also has a mall and there are three springs there: EinShacharit, EinMabua, and EinPrat. Plus, NachalOg, MatzokHahe’etekim, and more.) Appointments can be made for personal guided tours with the host who is a licensed tour guide.

ATVrides, field trips, desert hospitality, camel, donkey, and horseback riding are also available.
A pleasant country house, fifteen minutes from Jerusalem, half an hour from the Dead Sea and Ein Gedi. Large yard with view, grass and trees. The house has a large public space, three bedrooms in the main house and another bedroom with a bathroom and a separate entrance. Suitable for families with children. The settlement has a supermarket and restaurants and a swimming pool. 5 minutes drive from the water-filled Ein Prat reserve and ten minutes drive from the Wadi Kelt monasteries.
Unit with stunning views, shading curtain, two beds, a toilet and shower, kitchenette, wardrobe, air conditioning, Wi-Fi, satellite TV

Stunning view

All

information & help anytime

The place near Jerusalem. The desert mountain view. The super-quiet neighborhood.

215 bus from Jerusalem
Summary
Fifteen to twenty minutes by car to JERUSALEM!  three minutes by car from the center of Kfar Adumin. The house is a large (230 mr.) with 1000mr.  garden around the house. Fully furnished.
bath/shower with  double bedroom upstairs, 
 2 bath/shower +3 double bedroom downstairs, double sofa bed in lounge, 
Lounge/dining room, modern kitchen, Gallery and more... parking at door etc..
The house is located in a small village, viewing the beautiful Judean Desert, the Dead Sea and Jerusalem.
The house is 15 mins drive from Jerusalem and 15 mins drive to the dead sea. The location is phenomenal!  Love hiking? walk to the water stream in the valley, or drive to Ein Zukim spring or to Ein Gedi. If you would like to visit Christian sites: The Good Samaritan, Qasr el Yahud and churches in Jerusalem or Jewish sites: The Western Wall, The old city, the Israel Museum and so much more.

There's a bakery and a mini supermarket also there are two restaurants and a pizza, burger and flafel shops
Experience the tranquility of the desert and get a taste of warm Israeli hospitality.
Desert Camping Israel is a family run ecological campsite located in the heart of the Judean Wilderness.
​Our tent villages allow for our guests to intimately experience the wonders of the Desert.  Accommodations include options for single travelers,  couples, families and large groups.

Book a mattress in our original nomads' tent dormitory. Experience the Judean Desert first-hand. The large tent is comfortably set up for 20 single mattress, clean linen included, spread out on large mats and carpets. As an ecological campsite, we offer eco-friendly restrooms and showers.
אוהל הרועים

אוהל נוודי המדבר מתאים ללינה משותפת ל - 20  אורחים
ניתן לשכור מזרון בודד במתחם ללינה עם אורחים נוספים או לשכור את האוהל כולו ללינה קבוצתית

20  minutes drive to Jerusalem
20 minutes to the Dead Sea
Just minutes from some of the best hikes in Israel.
Less than an hour from Masada, Ein Gedi, the Jordan River, Qumran and much more. 
Natural oasis ( Ain Maboua, Ain Prat(URL HIDDEN)Camel rides, ATV self ride, jeep tour and more.

(URL HIDDEN)You can enjoy local food restaurants in our area, including spacial smoked meat restaurants, family bakery, flafel stand and pizza all about 5 min from us.
20 דקות נסיעה מירושלים ומים המלח.
מסלולי טיול ומעיינות למיטבי לכת ולמשפחות
אטרקציות וחוויות מדברית
אוכל מקומי, מסעדות, פלאפל, פיצה ועוד.. במרחק דקות נסיעה מהחאן.

To get to our campsite please enter Waze: Desert Camping Israel, Kfar Adumim

בכדי להגיע אלינו בבקשה הכניסו לוויז את הכתובת:
חאן ארץ המרדפים, ירושלים
My place is close to art and culture, Winery, Ancient Shilo, Samaria, Jorden vally. You’ll love my place because of the outdoors space, the view, maintaining cleanliness, the pacific around. My place is good for couples and families (with kids).

The published price is for a pair

Join a glassworkshop in professional artist's studio suitable for eveyone; individuals, couples, family groups, colleagues from your workplace.
You will learn to work with glass to achieve incredible shape and color possibilites using the glass fusing technique.
Make usefull and elegant objects.

Beautiful view , very quiet area

near Jerusalem, Samaria, Binyamin and Jordan Vally communities.
Beit Driben is a beautifully decorated highly versatile 5 story complex with many apartments, rooms, halls & both public & private sitting areas. We are located in the industrial area of Kiryat Arba/Hevron. We are 1 hr from Jerusalem, 1/2 an hr from Bethlaham and 1 hr from Be'er Sheva. We are minutes away from the Cave of the Patriarchs where the patriarchs and matriarchs are burried. There are regular busses to and from Jerusalem & Be'er Sheva.

Beit Driben started as a factory and farm in the (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) s by Eddie Dribben (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) may he rest in peace. Eddie was a cowboy who came to Israel from Wyoming after serving in the US Military and lived in Israel ever since. His widow Sara Haya continues to live there. She is an artist who has designed and decorated this marvelous estate. 
We have hosted many events in our indoor halls and outdoor areas. 
People from all walks of life and backgrounds are welcome. We have an indoor pool that works all year round. 
We look forward to hosting you!
religious community, 25 minutes' drive from Jerusalem. With huge private parking. 2 baths. 4 air conditioners. Huge yard. Minute walk from the grocery store, synagogue, etc. Community is located in Stunning mountain views and air land of Israel.

Available on pesach and sucot
4 bedrooms
Children's playroom
A huge garden with a barbecue
Services
big kitchen
villa tout confort sur 3 etage situee a 10 min de jerusalem et 20 de la mer morte, grandes chambres, clim, internet wifi home cinema 2 salles de bains 3 wc lave vaissele lave/seche linge parking prive barbecue quartier residentiel a la sem ou au mois
Perfect place to stay when visiting friends, or family, or if you want to stay in a quite neighbourhood close to Jerusalem. You can stay here over shabat and join us in the se'udah (we keep kosher). Nice garden to enjoy the beautiful scenery

There is a room with a real bed, closet, table, and chair. Heating and cooling available in the room

Living room, shared bathroom, garden and private room

We are familiar in this neighbourhood. Any questions, feel free to contact us.

There is a valley close to our house with lots of animals and a beautiful place to walk. 

The city is surrounded on four sides by the Judean Desert and is linked to Jerusalem (20 minutes) and the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area (50 minutes) via Highway 1.

There is a bus stop next to our door with buses practically going everywhere you need to go.

We have two beautiful children (4 and 6) that are always delighted to see new people. They are pretty quite during nights, so no need to worry about your rest.
A nice studio, hotel like, in Maale Adumim Mitzpe Nevo (religious neighborhood). Located between Jerusalem and the Dead Sea.  
Includes all facilities: Kitchenette, furniture, 
blankets,sheets, towels, air conditioner, fridge, m

Private entrance

religious neighborhood (jews)

No arrival and / or departure the Sabbath and Jewish Holidays
My place is close to public transport. You’ll love my place because of the ambiance. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
great location between Jerusalem (15 mins) and The Dead Sea (30 mins).
Double roofed parking.
My place is close to art and culture, great views, and family-friendly activities. You’ll love my place because of the neighborhood, the outdoors space, the comfy bed, and the light. My place is good for couples.

The privecy for a couple , larg deck , beautifull garden made of fruit trees and siting positions towards the view , pools and waterfalls .

All guest unit facilities are accessible .

Phone , (Hidden by Airbnb) , text , mail .

Lot of fun.

Maps , waze , instruction .

Be happy ...
BS"D 
The house is located in a beautiful and  nice community and place! 
Moshav Matityahu is an american and religious Shomer Shaboss and Tzniut place and community.
The Kitchen is a Kosher Kitchen.
The house is a 5 minutes walk from the Shul and a 5 minute walk from a beautiful community pool with separate hours for men and women (Separate fee). 
Matityahu is a 40 minute bus ride to Jerusalem.
Our home is in a religious* village in the Ayalon Valley, with view to the beautiful Canada park, suitable for hiking or biking.  It is located in the middle between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem (5 minutes from highway 1, 20 minutes from TLV international airport).

*Cars cannot enter on Saturday

It's a new unit in a quiet village looking to the hills of Judea, the place is in a countryside atmosphere.

Guests get breakfast - optional.
There is a Shul and playards for kids.
Nearby there is a horses farm where one can ride on or see camels and other farm animals.

We are very friendly and are ready to help when needed.
Our house is located in Gush Etzion. A path where history and future meet. There are many attractions here especially around the holidays. We are 15 minutes from Jerusalem.
Our house is cozy.  And it has all you need for your stay.
We keep "kosher" (so kitchen can only be used by observant or orthodox Jews who also are kosher.)
We can help you organize your trip.
Many in the area know English and will gladly help you travel around (hitchhiking)
Shalom! Our house is located in one of the most beautiful places in the world. We are a family with 3 kids and a dog, living in a big private house with an amazing view to the Dead-Sea and to the desert mountains. We love to host and get to know people from all over the world. In the Kibbuts we have a small market shop and a local Pub. We live very close to Ein Gedi nature reserve (10 minutes driving), to Kedem hot springs, Massada National Park, and only an hour drive from Jerusalem.
I offer peace u. Beauty of nature in the Judean Desert, overlooking the sunset over their mountains to Jerusalem. Easily accessible by bus u. Tramp, on the way Jerusalem-Dead Sea. Supermarket yet. I also speak German.

I have a large house. The kids have almost left home.  Sometimes, they  come for a visit, so I cannot always rent out my rooms to guests . Therefore, you have to make a request to book.

There are two rooms. One room has double and single beds. The other room has two beds that may be assembled. Also, you can use the bathroom with shower, living room, balcony, dining table and kitchen (the kitchen can only be used with my supervision because my home is kosher.  I do not have a separate apartment for my guests!

I do not work, so I am totally available for my guests.

I live in a Jewish religious site, with several synagogues, Mikve, Yeshiva, super mini-market, a beautiful view, quiet and clean air to breathe.

Es gibt ein Bus 216 von Jerusalem (Binjanei Ha Umma) bis direkt nach Mitzpe Jericho. Von hier gibt es Busse zum Toten Meer , nach Tiberias-See Genezareth und sogar nach Elat. Am Schabbat ruhen dir öffentlichen Verkehrsmittel. Man kann an der großen Hauptstraße arabische Taxis stoppen. . Wer mit einem Mietwagen kommt kann direkt vors Haus fahren, natürlich umsonst. Es ist bei dem Mieten eines Wagens zu empfehlen, solch eine Leihfirma zu wählen, die die Benutzung der B-Gebiete  (Westjordanland unter israelischer Militärbewachung) erlauben. (es kam vor, daß deshalb ein Gast absagte, der den Wagen von Deutschland aus mietete)
Beautifully decorated and spacious apartment, with a breathtaking view of the mountains. Includes Jacuzzi, two showers, espresso machine, ample kitchen (kosher), sitting room, a quiet porch for the view, free wi-fi, cable TV and a romantic bedroom.

A romantic getaway excursion waits for you in the Holy Land, 15 minutes to Jerusalem, 15 minutes to the Dead Sea. We invest in the tiny details of comfort, design, and style to make your stay with us completely enjoyable and relaxing.

The apartment is completely private with a separate entrance, porch, and all amenties.

We offer you a variety of free tasty treats upon your arrival: chocolates, cookies in a sparkling clean apartment. We offer you the option to order (kosher) meals with an additional payment, if you choose.

The Desert Song apartments are located in a quiet town close to Jerusalem, with breathtaking desert views, possibilities for both walking and driving tours, surrounded by pleasant and helpful neighbors, with access to a synagogue, mikveh, local market, nearby restaurants and torah classes.

Public Transportation options include buses every two hours, to Jerusalem, the Dead Sea, and the North. Private taxi service is also available, but it is easiest to travel in this area with a private car.

If you're interested, you can sign up for Jeep tours, rappelling, dune buggy drives through the desert, Good Samaritan Mosaic Museum, camel rides, Kumran Caves, swimming in natural springs, and the traditional Baptismal Site of Jesus.
Brand new, clean and comfortable suite in Modiin Illit ("Kiryat Sefer") with a small kitchen area (counter, sink, cabinets, fridge - no stove or oven) and a seating area. There is plenty of closet space and a bathroom with a shower. All linens (sheets, pillow cases, towels) are super clean and really comfy. It has a private entrance and is situated in a very quiet, private location, not facing the street. We are really friendly, American hosts and we're happy to answer any questions you have!

Modiin Illit is a religious Jewish city in the center of Israel, 30 minutes from Jerusalem, Bnei Brak, and Tel Aviv. On Saturday there is no driving, smoking or using phones in public.

There is plenty of free parking in the area, and busses all day to Jerusalem, Bnei Brak, Beit Shemesh, and Modiin.

Check-in on Saturdays is from 2 hours after the Sabbath ends (about 2.5 hours after sundown).
Enjoy the quiet, the panoramic views & fresh air 1000 meters above sea level. Perfect for a couple looking for peaceful time away or visiting for smachot, chagim in this clean, friendly Modern Orthodox community 15 minutes from Jerusalem.
Your suite: 2 rooms, nicely renovated, fully equipped, new beds, 
WIFI, outdoor area, ground floor, footsteps from synagogue.
Stunning pool (at extra cost) 1 minute walk from the suite - must be booked in advance for private swimming slot.

Vacation Suite in Neve Daniel
Quiet time away, fresh air, remarkable views across Israel from almost 1000 feet above sea level.
2-rooms, newly renovated.
Ground floor and 30 seconds walk to local synagogue.
Separate entrance + private, sunny outdoor area.
Fully equipped - linen, towels, pillows, blankets, heaters etc provided. 
Kitchen including fridge, Shabbat kettle, chalavi (milky) plates, pots, appliances etc
Clothes washing machine and dryer.
WIFI.
Complimentary cleaner for one hour, once per every week booked.

Private swimming 2-hour slot at stunning privately-owned pool one minute walk from the suite - must be booked in advance. Swimming fee not included in rental of the suite.
Private front garden area. 
Five minutes walk to local grocery store and bakery.
Five minutes drive to local attractions, restaurants, historical and biblical sites, mall shopping, hikes
Great location for walking and cycling.

Owners and their children live next to the vacation apartment. Fence separates our garden with yours.
No interaction required but on hand to be of assistance.

A beautiful community, friendly, stunning panoramic views, fresh air and quiet. Plenty of tiyulim, dining, historical sites to enjoy in the area. Friendly Modern Orthodox, Zionist community. Supermarket, large bakery within a five-minute stroll.

Best to bring your own car though travel on Egged bus from Jerusalem very simple

Experienced, welcoming owners.
Our quiet, bright apartment is situated in the center of the country between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv (8 km north from Modiin). 
We are located on the first hills on the way to Jerusalem and have a magnificent view of the sea and many old olive trees.
Our place is close to family-friendly activities. You’ll love my place because of the outdoors space,  the ambiance. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, families (with kids), big groups, and furry friends (pets).

Beside

Parking is available next to our place.
A bus station is 2 min walk - transportation to Jerusalem is about every single hour.
Stunning view
Desert View offers a private balcony with mountain (Website hidden by Airbnb) features air conditioning, free parking and free WiFi.It has a modern décor, a satellite flat-screen TV . It is composed of a separate bedroom, a living room with fully equipped kitchenette.

Rooms for couples and families
Services and amenities in your room:
Living room
Dining room
Kitchen
A kitchenette for light meals
Fridge & Freezer
Microwave
Stove

Located in Kfar Adumim, Jerusalem is 21 km from the Apartment Desert Views. The Dead Sea can be reached in a 15-minute drive.

Nofey Prat is located within the Scenic desert landscapes of the Judean Desert.

Below Nofey Prat you can find the flowing springs of the Prat River. The unique location of the Desert landscapes opens up spectacular views of ancient views, the northern ridge of Jerusalem, the Prat River and the Dead Sea landscape, all of which creates a pleasant feeling of eternal freedom.

Its location, between the Dead Sea and Jerusalem, allows access for many touristic sites and nature reserves.
I joke that the accommodations are "5-star" ...  minus 5-stars :-). 
Although rustic, it's comfortable. The bungalow might be worth a dime, but the view (of the Judean Wilderness) is worth a million dollars. Yet, it's just a 7-minute drive into Jerusalem!

There are public buses into and back from Jerusalem every couple/few hours.
Un charmant petit studio avec kichnette salle de douche WC  terrasse privé dans petit village calme bien pour un couple ,possibilité d avoir une chambre supplémentaire avec supplément a 25 kms. De Jérusalem...
45 mn   de  Jérusalem
chambre calme se trouvant dans une maison d un village verdoyant et aéré.
ideaL pour repos.
2 lits jumeaux et un lit enfant
lit supplémentaire si besoin.
chambre spacieuse pour y déposer des affaires. 
wifi
 café et thé a disposition
serviettes et draps fournis
Petit déjeuner offert

La chambre est claire  et a l étage .
2 placards de rangement
Un enfant jusqu a 3 ans peut aussi dormir si besoin
salle de bain spacieuse .
un bureau dans la chambre pour travailler ou étudier.

les voyageurs pourront prendre leur petit déjeuner sur la terrasse s 'ils le désirent.
La salle de bain est dans le mm étage

oui je suis disponible pour toute questions relatives au logement et aux lieux.
je laisserai mon numéro de téléphoné

mon village est très  calme , vert . De belles montagnes se profilent a l horizon.
Un restaurant et une pizzeria se trouve également dans notre village L 'air est pur et les habitants sont discrets et courtois.
parc de jeux pour enfants a proximité
petite superette a 5 mn en voiture.

Notre logement est situe a 30km de Jérusalem.
a partir de la station centrale de Jérusalem
Notre station de bus est a 5 minutes du logement en voiture et a 20 minutes a pied
Un restaurant et une pizzeria se trouve également dans notre village a 5 mn en voiture

téléphoner avant pour pour se rendre a Ofra
With stunning view and the coolest air you can find in the Israeli summer, our vacation rental offers you also a charming and private swimming pool. The unit is spacious and charmong in its authentic and modern style

A spacious and unique unit tiled with books over special stone walls

We will be happy to show you over our interesting area and offer you the best advice for touring the Judean desert, the Shomron and Jerusalem.
Guest bedroom in new house, right in the center of Israel. A great touring base, only 20 mins from Tel Aviv beaches, 45 mins from Jerusalem, 1 hour from the Dead Sea. Great access to Rosh HaAyin, Petach Tikva, Hod HaSharon, Ra'anana, Herziliya, Ariel.

New, clean, house, great views and a garden.  Room has comfortable bed with memory foam mattress, clothes hanging facilities, ceiling fan, two windows, mosquito nets.

Beautiful, quiet town in the hills.  Located near Road 6 for great access to the north and south of the country.

It's a bedroom within a house, so you have access to the lounge, kitchen, guest bathroom, garden, etc.

Renting a car is advised. Public transport is sparse from the town itself, better from the main junction which is a hitch away (common in the area).

I will take some better photos when I have a chance, but I hope these give you an idea.  Feel free to ask any questions.
My place is close to the airport. You’ll love my place because of the neighborhood. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
35 min from the big city Tel-Aviv, 10 min from Rosh-Ha'Ayin train station and right
ahead of the most beautiful view in the country, at the local council of Oranit.

3 rooms big apartment (96m sqr) with 1 bedroom with large bed + toilets, big bathroom with bath, equiped with washing machine + a dryer, another working room and a real huge space of living room and equiped kitchen (50m sqr).

A real big balcony (15m sqr) with big table for breakfast, lucnh and dinner ahead the most beautiful view of green mountains, fields and olive trees. And at the other side a private garden with wood deck, a lemon tree, place to have a barbecue and chillout (15m sqr).

The apartment is part of a 3 floors small building in a quiet and very friendly neighborhood. 

At the living room: 42 inches TV screen, receiver + speakers (for ipad/ipod)
At the kitchen: oven, microwave oven and a lot of kitchenware.
בית נעים, מואר ויפהפה. מתאים לזוג (עם או בלי ילדים) או לקבוצות חברים קטנות
Nice new private room with bathroom. private enterance. Located at Revava, very nice and peaceful village in the Samaria woods. 100m from Revava center, supermarket, pizza, ATM, ect.
Ideal for single or couple guests that have business in Samaria area or travellers that looking for special and quite place.
Include Kosher kitchen, oven and stove top. refrigider, cofee and tea. closet.
Looking for a personalized experience of Israel off the beaten track?
 we invite you to stay with us at Ruth's Home! 
Ruth's Home is situated in the "Galilee of Jerusalem", 
amidst vineyards, orchards and natural springs.
 Built with love and furnished with unique handmade wood art, 
Ruth's Home offers a space of inspiration and relaxation.
At Ruth's Home, 
we host couples for overnight stays,
 intimate boutique events 
unique workshops.
Two hour workshop with wood artist
The published price is for a couple.
Arrival by private / rented car or Taxi.
Breakfast can be ordered at an additional cost.

The published price is for a pair

In Aish Kodesh there is a petting farm, a  bikepath of antique water holes surrounding the area and the breathtaking view.
15 Minute Drive Away:
A bike rental, glass blowing activity, pottery workshop, water streams and horseback riding.
Tel Shilo with guided tours. 
Restaurants, coffee shops and much more.

Hot Tub
Mini fridge
LCD
DVD
Air conditioning
Massage beds
massage couch
Excellent breakfast
My place is close to great views. You’ll love it because of the kitchen, the comfy bed, the light, the coziness, and the neighborhood. My place is good for couples.
We look forward to hosting you.

The place is decorated
Nice and comfortable

Quiet and pleasant neighborhood, amazing view

The price at the weekend starts from Thursday - 700 NIS
On holidays there is an extra price.
Privacy and amaizing view of the Judian desert and the Herodion
3 rooms + balcony, a grape arbor, an orchard and a sitting area overlooking the spectacular Judea desert landscape.Well equipped, decorated, beautifully & tastefully furnished in authentic oriental style.
Situated on a spacious plot that gives privacy , peacefulness and relax.
15 minutes drive from Jerusalem

Guest can access the whole yard and enjoy from a wonderful orchad that includes olive, lemon, pomegranate trees, passiflora, grapes and more...
(according the season)

We are available if there are any questions/requests and strictly respect the privacy of our guests.

Buses from Jerusalem to Tekoa several times a day.
For buses from Jerusalem Central Bus Station To Tko'a Center, visit: 
(website hidden)/search
(ATTENTION: in destination field type Tko'a):
Of course you can also drive your car from Har Homa (south Jerusalem), 12 min.
Our house is large and comfortable, tastefully furnished and fits one family or more, children or adults.
The area is quiet and welcoming, enjoy full privacy and a beautiful view of the Judean desert and the Herodion.
We are located in Tekoa, a unique communal settlement about 20 minutes from Jerusalem.

A private house consists of 2 floors, 240 sq. meters.
 includes:
•7 bedrooms, 2 of them has a private bathroom
•large kosher kitchen, fully equipped. coffee machine, microwave and oven,  big refrigerator, kettle and all cooking utilities.
•dining table for up to 12 people.
•large play area for children
•linens and towels
•private Wifi
•air-conditioning
•laundry machine and dryer
• 2 bathrooms with bath tub, and 2 more toilet rooms
•a beautiful yard, porches and balcony with open view to Judean desert and the Herodion hill.

All of our space is available for you. Up to 7 bedrooms, yard and balconies.
Free parking.
a small quiet playground is right next to the house.

We will meet you on arrival and be available by phone or chat for any questions during your stay.

family-friendly space.
kosher kitchen, fully equipped.
קרוואן מוגדל (80 מ"ר) מתאים למשפחה גדולה. נוף פנורמי למדבר יהודה. מטבח כשר
Large caravan (80 SqM) suitable for a large family, panoramic view of Judean Desert, kosher kitchen
The house is in the town of Tekoa
Amazing breeze. 15 min. from Jerusalem. view of  Judaian dessert .  in the towen there is a pool and horse back riding farm, Restaurant .Near by is Herodion a national trail and historical site and a challenging park .
